english
"He [Wales] basically lied to us from the start. First, by acting as if this was for legal reasons. Second, by pretending he was listening to us, right up to his art deletion."
"I was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart."
"She’s very cute and sings quite well, too, he said according to a transcript of the news conference."
They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night.
This is not going to be goodbye. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one.
"We now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic, he added."
"We will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level, Hu said."
. Scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
"108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to Baba Shyam."
"34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last monarch."
"A binary number can have only one of two values, i.e. 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon."
"A car bomb detonated at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people."
"A civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society."
"A couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the interest of their child, to raise a baby."
"A course will normally be from 2-5 days and will involve role play, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training."
"A course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in far greater detail, usually with practical experience."
A curry can be either dry or wet depending on the amount of liquid.
"A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables."
"A doctor who worked at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio say."
"A former Filipino policeman has kept Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines."
A full 20 percent of the water that pours out of the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday.
A person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying.
"A satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call."
A search of the Internet for 'Hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company.
"A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc."
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorean Galápagos Islands.
"A walking safari (also called a bush walk, hiking safari, or going footing) consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days."
"A well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human."
"ASUS Eee PC, earlier launched world-wide for cost-saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic in 2007 Taipei IT Month."
"Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology."
"According to Japan's nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine has been identified at the plant."
"According to Mick O'Flynn, the Acting Director Park Conservation and Heritage with the NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first shooting operation received comprehensive safety and training instruction."
"According to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals!"
"According to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges."
"According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated a tsunami was generated. There was some definite tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue."
"According to the lawsuit, waste from the UN camp was not properly sanitized, causing bacteria to enter the tributary of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest."
"Across the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), leaving it as the leading neurological disease in younger and middle aged adults."
Adekoya has since been in Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged with murdering her son.
Advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country.
Aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour.
"After a week of losses in the midterm election, Bush told an audience about the expansion of trade in Asia."
"After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team."
"After its adoption by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap."
"After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll."
"After seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during World War I, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future."
"After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards."
"After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that would spread sediment throughout the river were halted."
"After the results came in, Gingrich lauded Santorum, but had tough words for Romney, on whose behalf negative campaign advertisements were aired in Iowa against Gingrich."
"Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained both for civil and military operations."
"Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly."
All I say to people is you treat us the way we treat you.
"All animals that originally arrived in the islands came here either by swimming, flying or floating."
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
"All nouns, alongside the word Sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence."
"All of the cave entrances, which were named The Seven Sisters, are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter."
"All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost."
All these things and more highlight Ontario as what is considered quintessentially Canadian by outsiders.
"All things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their protein problem in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today."
Alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements on the periodic table.
"Along the same line, men are required to wear trousers covering the knees."
Also after the Revolution occupations were open to all male applicants allowing the most ambitious and successful to succeed.
Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty.
"Also blogging forces students to become more savvy about the world around them. The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004)."
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there was no Tsunami indication.
"Also to the north visit the great Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Shrine), a place of worldwide famous Marian apparitions."
"Also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot."
"Although AI has a strong connotation of science fiction, AI forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation in a machine."
"Although Winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back."
"Although pyramid-building in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in their size and the technical excellence of their construction."
"Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience."
"Although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials are hoping it will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream."
"Although three people were inside the house when the car impacted it, none of them were hurt."
"Although wagonways merely consisted of parallel planks of wood, they allowed horses pulling them to achieve greater speeds and pull larger loads than on the slightly more rough roads of the day."
"An example is visiting, photographing, and learning about organgatuangs in Borneo."
An increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn.
"An up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive."
Ancient China had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of China or each family that was in power was a distinctive dynasty.
Ancient Roman meals couldn't have included foods that came to Europe from America or from Asia in later centuries.
"Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them for easy access to milk, hair, meat, and skins."
"Angel (2006), explains the Continuum approach as a method being used to help organizations reach a higher level of performance."
"Another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have banquets together where they would lounge on their sides while they ate their meals."
Any amendments or requests though should be coursed through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel.
Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training.
"Anyone who's going to drive at high latitudes or over mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures."
"Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000."
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
"Appropriate use of blogs can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002)."
Argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
"Aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. They were earth, water, air, and fire."
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. New Zealand's Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G.
"Around 3 minutes into the launch, an on-board camera showed numerous pieces of insulation foam break away from the fuel tank."
"Around 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns."
"Around the old Medina it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists."
"As NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatically handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; normalizing US–China relations thought the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion in Afghanistan, 1979."
"As a result, the performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself is encouraging the audience to join in."
"As a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need."
"As a result, two fish species have become extinct, and two others have become endangered, including the humpback chub."
"As knowledge of Greek declined, the West found itself cut off from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots."
"As light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times."
"As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again."
"As one example, American citizens in the Middle East might face different situations from Europeans or Arabs."
"As soon as you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normally."
"As the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution therefore often not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars."
"As the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance."
"As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation and entry fees for the park."
"At Thursday's keynote presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console."
At one point a member of the mob waved the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles in front of the terrified Queen.
At the beginning dress was heavily influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east.
"At the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those surveyed believe Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believe Australia should never become a republic."
"At the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own."
"At the same time, the German navy, using mainly U-boats, was trying to stop this traffic."
Atoms are so incredibly tiny that trillions of them could fit into the period at the end of this sentence.
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting Super-G.
Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking.
"Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign."
"Backpacking by ski: This activity is also called backcountry ski, ski touring or ski hiking."
"Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About a half prefer to speak Catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows Spanish."
"Be careful not to allow fabric to become too hot (which can cause shrinkage, or in extreme cases, scorch)."
"Be firm in turning down men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it ok!)."
"Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but do have other features of feathers — barbs and barbules — the researchers inferred the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development that these other features."
Before The Simpsons Simon had worked on several shows in various positions.
"Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning."
"Between 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, a fire was started by the inmates in the yard."
"Beyond Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships."
Biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators which will continue a period of free-running cycling even in the absence of external cues.
"Bipedal specializations are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago."
"Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of anarchy by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and plundered stores of consumer goods."
"Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day."
"Blogs can also help improve student writing. While students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that."
"Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with a boat to every seven or eight people."
Booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination.
"Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few."
"Both Assassin-bugs and Bed-bugs are nidicolous, adapted to living in nest or housing of their host."
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
Box jellyfish occur near beaches and near river estuaries from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside these times.
"Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering entire sections of ocean, causing danger to even neutral ships."
British pounds will generally be accepted anywhere in the islands and within Stanley credit cards and United States dollars are also often accepted.
"Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor dead Pharaoh."
"Buses depart the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, though most, especially those heading to the east and Jakar/Bumthang leave between 06:30 and 07:30."
Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.
"But Prime Minister John Howard has said the act was only to safeguard the facilities of the hospital from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, in giving an extra AUD$45 million."
"But being placed in the high tropics just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely)."
"But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at the time."
But the consumer market on laptop computer will be radically varied and changed after ASUS was awarded in the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award by Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
But there are a lot of things about birds that still look like a dinosaur.
"But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings."
"But, if used without further qualifiers, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island Java."
"By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration continues till today."
"By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian bridgehead."
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
"Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March most coronavirus-based cancellation policies don't extend to July 2020, when the Olympics had been scheduled."
"Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. In the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures."
Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
"Casinos typically make many efforts to maximize time and money spent by guests. Windows and clocks are usually absent, and exits can be hard to find."
"Chambers had sued God for widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants."
"Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is frivolous and anybody can sue anybody."
Check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison.
"Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century."
"Children are placed in Foster Care for a wide variety of reasons that range from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion."
"Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus."
"City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilizational culture implies the passing on of knowledge across several generations, a lingering cultural footprint and fair dissemination."
Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist.
"Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of granite big walls and crags."
"Combined with its relative inaccessibility, Timbuktu has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands."
Comets may possibly have been a source of water delivery to the earth along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life.
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions when he spoke to Wikinews last month.
Congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal 2005 and specified that the FBI must devote 10 agents to adult pornography.
"Congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and, because there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its acts."
Content theories are centered on finding what makes people tick or appeals to them.
"Courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly. Frequently, time is very important with business documents, merchandise or spare parts for an urgent repair."
"Crossties were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place. Gradually, however, it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a stip of iron on the top."
"Crown Office, which is in overall charge of prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment."
"Cuomo, 53, began his governorship earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage."
"Curiously, though, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the route, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds."
"Current senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires."
"Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25."
"Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, stated the outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeepers."
"Danius said, Right now we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. For now, that is certainly enough."
"Del Potro had the early advantage in the second set, but this too required a tie break after reaching 6-6."
"Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop."
"Despite leaving the show in 1993 he kept the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every season in royalties."
"Despite there being no tsunami threat, residents started to panic and began to leave their businesses and homes."
Do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures.
"Domestic goats were generally kept in herds that wandered on hills or other grazing areas, often tended by goatherds who were frequently children or adolescents, similar to the more widely known shepherd. These methods of herding are still used today."
"Downhill skiing as a sport goes back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia."
"Downhill snowsports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports involving sliding down snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet."
"Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association cautioned that the research is still in its early days."
"Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb approximately 15 miles north of Cincinnati lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in an apparently heavily medicated state."
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region KwaZulu-Natal.
"Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan has, Japan is often referred to, on a geographical stance, as an archipelago"
Due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the Galapagos.
"Due to the underwater topology the return flow is concentrated at a few deeper sections, and a fast current to deep water may form there."
"During blizzards, enough snow to get you stuck can fall in very little time."
"During his trip, Iwasaki ran into trouble on many occasions."
"During the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation."
"During the 1976 selections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger."
"During the 1980s he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show."
"During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government—with the Congress being its only component—under the Articles of Confederation."
"During the struggle for independence organised by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the killing of the paramount chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III."
During these periods fierce warfare took place between many nobles fighting for the throne.
"During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny."
Dustin Goldust Runnels commented that Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place.
Duty free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods exempted from taxes and excises at certain locations.
"Duvall, who is married with two adult children, did not leave a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related."
Each temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner sanctuary that only the priests could enter.
"Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space."
Earlier the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked.
"Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more."
Economic links have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure in political negotiations.
Edgar Veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while Kristoffer Schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face.
Efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain.
"Elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals like silver and gold."
"Ellsworth Land is the region south of the Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea."
"Entertainment news website TMZ understands the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the California Highway Patrol police officer conducting the traffic stop to order him back across, twice."
"Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times."
"European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama found the Cape Route from Europe to India."
"Even traditionally, though, not all Sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals."
"Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species."
"Eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first full-iron rails were introduced."
"Ever since the Federal Government stepped in to take over funding of the Mersey hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised this act as a stunt in the prelude to the federal election to be called by November."
"Every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go their workplace and are passed by others whose work destination is the place they have just left."
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
Everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems. Almost everyone complains about transportation systems.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
"Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and face."
"Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem."
"Famous singers across the country presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to Shri Shyam's feet."
Farther south is Niagara Falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the Muskoka and beyond.
Fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
"Feel free to pencil in your own marks, but remember the printed bowing marks are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected."
Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
Feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
Field trips are a large part of any classroom. Quite often a teacher would love to take her students places to which a bus trip is not an option.
"Filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company."
"Final results from Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been reelected by a large margin."
"Finally, there are many small cats (including loose pet cats) that eat the far more numerous small prey like insects, rodents, lizards, and birds."
"Finland is a great boating destination. The Land of a thousand lakes has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos."
Fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm.
First among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
"First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole."
"Five minutes into the display a wind starts rolling in, about a minute later, the wind is reaching 70km/h... then the rain comes, but so hard and so large that it slaps your skin like a needle, then hail fell from the sky, people panicking and screaming and running over each other."
Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to drown out women from speaking out about women’s health were unsuccessful.
"For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk."
For a comparison of population that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the US than there are Canadian citizens.
"For example visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine valley or taking a cruise to interesting cites on the Danube or boating along the Erie Canal."
"For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the State Capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook."
"For example, one might say that the motor car necessarily leads to the development of roads."
"For example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the close of the analog film era."
"For example, learning and socialization are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995)."
"For instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever tasted a turkey."
"For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo."
For over a thousand years the Christian religion had bound European states together despite differences in language and customs. I
"For some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience."
"For some, understanding something about how aircraft work and what happens during a flight may help to overcome a fear which is based on the unknown or on not being in control."
"For the Springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak."
"Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively."
"Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically."
Foster care is supposed to provide all the necessities that were lacking in the home they were previously taken from.
"Four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the Giant Slalom failed to rank in the race."
Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on or near coastlines were closed all of Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
"France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer this virus; following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy."
French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
"Fruit pastries are common, with apples cooked into pastries year round, and cherries and plums making their appearances during the summer."
"Generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B."
"Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain one of the guys (or gals)."
"German pastries are quite good, and in Bavaria, are quite rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, Austria."
"Germany was a common enemy in World War 2, leading to cooperation between the USSR and USA. With the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out."
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start.
"Goats seem to have been first domesticated roughly 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran."
Gold may be worked into all sorts of shapes. It can be rolled into tiny shapes.
Goma is a tourist city of the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme east near Rwanda.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Actress respectively.
Gothic style peaked in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century.
"Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland."
"Had the Allies failed, Germany probably would have been able to conquer Britain as it had the rest of Europe."
Hamilton confirmed Howard University Hospital admitted the patient in stable condition.
"Handicraft products might be defined as antiques, though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods."
"He added that they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."
"He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager in his previous job) to Thomas Edison."
"He built a WiFi door bell, he said."
"He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output."
He even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
He has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the Games.
He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
"He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries."
He referred to the rumors as political chatter and silliness.
He trained as an obstetrician and began to work at the Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
"He was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work including the Prime Ministerial portraits on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 bills."
He was greeted by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with the Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
He was initially hospitalised in the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
"He was reportedly aged in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said [w]hile I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim."
"He was robbed by pirates, attacked in Tibet by a rabid dog, escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India."
He was subsequently relocated to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
"Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race."
"Her other race, the Giant Slalom, saw her finish in tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined run time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than first place finisher Austrian Claudia Loesch and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth place finisher Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary."
"Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium."
"High winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones."
"His 1,000th stamp was the magnificent Great Deeds by Swedish Kings by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records."
His research showed that if a hormone was administered it would speed up the baby's foetal lung maturation.
"His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it right after his pit-stop, probably because a badly tucked right front wheel."
His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few household names among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work alone.
"Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate."
Historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no effects from the earthquake and that the Number 1 and 2 reactors at its Shika nuclear power plant were shut down.
Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and is the place that many tourists regard as the main focus.
"However, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a handful of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of car ownership."
"However, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west could lag behind by 25 to 30 year."
"However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the first official language."
"However, people who know a little Spanish may hastily conclude that Portuguese is close enough that it need not be studied separately."
"However, that is not true. Although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map."
"However, the driver sustained serious injuries to the head."
"However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems to be low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any particular moment in South Africa."
"However, these plans were rendered obsolete nearly overnight, when over 800,000 soldiers from the Soviet's Union Red Army entered and created the Belarussian and Ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral."
"However, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle."
"However, this does not come cheap: as rough rules of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class!"
Hu encouraged developing countries to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later.
Huhne and Pryce are scheduled to appear at the Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16.
Huhne has resigned and he will be replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the Business Minister job Davey is vacating.
Hydrogen ions are protons that had their electrons stripped off them (since Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
"I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country duty-free."
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumping over and pushing them, Armand Versace said."
"If a rider is thrown from a horse but has a foot caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. To minimize this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken."
"If an iron isn't available, or if you don't fancy wearing ironed socks, then you can try using a hairdryer, if available."
"If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected."
"If the country you will be visiting becomes subject to a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected."
"If they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs."
"If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting specimens is also going to get you ejected, without discussion."
"If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may have a tricky situation."
"If you find yourself resetting the clock in your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off."
"If you have watched the movie National Treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the Declaration of Independence."
If you only go ashore using shipboard excursions you will not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
"If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon."
"If you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen."
If you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music.
"If you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate."
"In 1624,Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations."
"In 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces take control of Taiwan’s western and northern coastal areas and declared Taiwan as a province of the Qing Empire in 1885."
"In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job with the Edison Company in New York City."
"In 1895, after defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signs the Treaty of Shimonoseki, by which it cedes sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which rules the island until 1945."
"In 1956 Słania moved to Sweden, where three years later he began work for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver."
"In 1989 he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team."
"In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands."
"In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistria Republic in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any UN member country."
"In 2002 Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the town’s streets, particularly the town centre."
"In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope."
"In Japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court."
"In a carriage, they traveled back to Paris surrounded by a mob of people screaming and shouting threats against the King and Queen."
"In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program."
"In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp."
"In an adoption, the birth parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple may parent the child."
"In an interview, he said the new variant was very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate."
"In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids."
In developed countries you seldom hear similar levels of complaints about water quality or bridges falling down.
"In fact, it is not easy to find at all even if one knew it existed. Once inside the cave, it is a total isolation."
In good conditions you will be able to cover somewhat greater distances than walking – but only very seldom you will get the speeds of cross country skiing without a heavy backpack in groomed tracks.
"In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used."
"In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio."
In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany.
"In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station."
"In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on shopping television channel QVC."
"In many cases, enrolling on a gap-year course abroad can actually improve your chances of moving into higher education back in your home country."
"In many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, particularly in Poland, similar setups were made, which were viewed by a great number of people."
"In one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts."
"In particular, it is claimed that one can detect whether a person is lying by interpreting micro-expressions correctly."
"In principle the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love."
"In remote locations, without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option."
"In some areas boiling water for a minute is enough, in others several minutes are needed."
"In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called The Giant Province of the Indies, was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups."
"In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments to it."
In the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht.
"In the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs."
"In the context of Romanticism, the geography molded individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography arose, and these, being in harmony with the place of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws."
"In the manner that Paris is known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, Constantinople was regarded as the fashion capital of feudal Europe."
"In the north the region is bounded by the Sahel, and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean."
"In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important."
"In this dynamic transport shuttle everyone is somehow connected with, and supporting, a transport system based on private cars."
"Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests."
Infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves.
Inland waterways can be a good theme to base a holiday around.
Insects were the first animals to take to the air. Their ability to fly helped them evade enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
"Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made."
International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
"Ironing damp clothes can help them dry. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available for loan, even if one is not present in the room."
Israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed while the PA agrees to leave such presence only for five years.
"It also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form."
It also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur such as T. rex would be no match for it.
It also had no authority to override tax laws and tariffs between states.
"It can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called illuminated manuscripts."
"It can be pulled into thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be hammered or rolled into sheets."
"It had been scheduled to be cut down on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling."
"It has a notably wide variety of plant communities, due to its range of microclimates, differing soils and varying levels of altitude."
"It has been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumours affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions."
"It has brought us the train, the car, and many other transportation devices."
It is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
It is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive.
"It is nearly impossible to exchange Falklands currency outside of the islands, so exchange money prior to leaving the islands."
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have.
"It is obvious enough that the world has changed much because of humankind's scientific and technological advancements, and problems have become greater because of overpopulation and mankind's extravagant lifestyle."
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and it is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
"It is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots."
It is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity.
"It is still produced today, but more importantly its aspect ratio has been inherited by digital camera image sensor formats."
It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
"It isn’t alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research."
"It may also be beneficial for one to buy a Wild Card, which provides entry to either selections of parks in South Africa or all of the South African National Parks."
It states that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example).
It takes a giant rocket over a 100 feet high to put a satellite or telescope in space.
It uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information.
"It warns No one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos."
It was at this time that the transfer of the title of Fashion Capital from Constantinople to Paris was made.
It was one of the major stops during Henry Louis Gates' PBS special Wonders of the African World.
It was ruled by the Vichy French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them.
"It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago."
"It was to last for the next 40 years and would be fought for real, by proxy armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places."
"It's expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000."
It's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village.
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
"Italy's national football, along with German national football team is the second most successful team in the world and were the FIFA World Cup champions in 2006."
Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
"Its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path."
Its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 A.D. and lasted up until about 1100 A.D.
Its status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that Crusaders had returned bearing gifts such as silks and spices that were valued more than what Byzantine markets offered.
"Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had been aware of 27 accidents related to the devices."
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal that what Westerners may be used to.
"Japans holds nearly 7,000 islands (the biggest being Honshu), making Japan the 7th largest island in the world!"
"Just like the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way exert a force on the Sagittarius galaxy."
"Lakkha Singh presented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him."
Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness.
"Last month Iran saw its worst air disaster in years when an airliner heading to Armenia crashed, killing the 168 on board."
Last month a presidential commission recommended the prior CEP's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
"Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called non-serious."
"Late on Sunday, the United States President Donald Trump, in a statement delivered via the press secretary, announced US troops would be leaving Syria."
"Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar."
"Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a thorough and complete rewriting of the Conservative party's environmental bill."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived Washington insiders.
Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and entered a career in medicine.
"Like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes."
"Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey."
"Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides."
"Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes shy and you will see them better with binoculars."
"Local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the plant to stay indoors, turn off air-conditioners and not to drink tap water."
"Looking decidedly rusty in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa however steadily improved as the tournament progressed."
"MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, the spinal cord and the optic nerve."
"Machu Picchu consist of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows."
"Madagascar is by far the biggest, and a continent on its own when it comes to wildlife."
"Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar zones in the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (specially pork), and uses olive oil throughout."
"Many German baked goods also feature almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often pair particularly well with a cup of strong coffee."
"Many common formats (APS family of formats, for example) are equal to or closely approximate this aspect ratio."
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks.
Many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted also by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
Many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and is alive today. We call them birds.
Many people don't think about them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
"Many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare."
Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday.
"Mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies."
"Members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot."
"Michael Schumacher ended his race not long after Alonso, because of the suspension damage in the numerous battles during the race."
"Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership."
Minor cultures often vanish without leaving relevant historic evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
Money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in Stanley across from the FIC West store.
"Montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common."
"More traditional churches often hold an Easter Vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate Christ's resurrection."
"Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death."
"Mosasaurus was the apex predator of its time, so it feared nothing, except other mosasaurs."
"Most deaths happen as result of fatigue trying to swim back against the current, which may be impossible."
"Most districts are served by small Japanese Coaster Buses, which are comfortable and sturdy."
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back along the body.
"Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has effects on societies that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned."
Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared.
"Most of the distinct Baltic Cruises feature an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Russia."
Most of the life of the Hebrew family happened in the open air.
"Most of the monasteries do provide wraps for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you'll get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance."
"Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and known as luxury beach resorts."
"Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the Senate as member of the Buenos Aires province delegation."
Muhammad was deeply interested in matters beyond this mundane life. He used to frequent a cave that became known as Hira‘ on the Mountain of Noor (light) for contemplation.
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set.
"Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation."
"Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells."
NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen after the time we are concerned about.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata prefecture was operating normally.
"Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the Bible in Latin."
"Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife."
"Needless to say, if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese."
"Negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear."
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition. Therefore it narrows the research area and makes it much more exact.
"New Kingdom ancient Egyptians marvelled at their predecessors monuments, which were then well over a thousand year old."
"Next, some saddles, particularly English saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to fall off the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider."
NextGen is a system the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions.
"No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do."
"No extra transport is being put on and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride facilities are unavailable at the ground."
No immediate reports of damage have been received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
"No major damage or injuries have been reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC."
"No matter how docile they may look, bison, elk, moose, bears, and nearly all large animals can attack."
"No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the quake did not meet the magnitude 6.5 requirement."
North Shore beaches (in North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
"Nothing can be seen other than the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave."
"Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices."
"Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is."
"Of course, the superprofits derived from the protracted exploitation of the Filipino people would constitute the basic gains of U.S. imperialism."
Officials for the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard as they argue that it was in imminent danger of falling over.
"Oliver Sacks, in his paper The President's Speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech because of brain damage are nevertheless able to assess sincerity accurately."
"On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called Operation Dragoon."
"On Monday, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, publicly announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden the committee, unable to reach Bob Dylan directly about winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, had abandoned its efforts to reach him."
"On icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt."
"On some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem."
"On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round."
"On the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although British and United States currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method."
"Once the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains."
"One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death."
One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
One can only wonder what the keyboard will become when something newer comes along.
One of the main Christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the monetary funds of the church are there specifically for that reason.
"One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up."
One of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of WWII. The Americans were trying to move men and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
"One was sent to George Washington on July 6, who had it read to his troops in New York on July 9. A copy reached London on August 10."
"Only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer."
"Other biorhythm-based options involve drinking lots of fluid (particularly water or tea, a known diuretic) prior to sleep, forcing one to get up to urinate."
"Other subjects on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less-polluting ways."
Other topics covered reportedly include the future state of Jerusalem which is sacred to both nations and the Jordan Valley issue.
Others are alleged to have been brought up by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild on their own.
"Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbour."
"Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present."
"Our foster care system is supposed to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable health care."
"Out of 1,400 people polled prior to the 2010 federal election, those who oppose Australia becoming a republic grew by 8 per cent since 2008."
"Out on the savanna, it is hard for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino-acid requirements from available plant resources."
Over four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral.
"Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population."
"Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant."
Parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies.
"People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools."
People may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers returning home.
"People now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener."
People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
"Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals."
"Perry stated that he would return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race, but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary."
Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
"Pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in a worse case cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or transmit infections."
Plans for vaccines to be delivered to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to lack of funds and low prioritisation relative to other diseases.
"Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even just one specimen."
"Plants make oxygen which humans breathe, and they take in carbon-dioxide which humans exhale (that is, breathe out)."
Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
"Please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population."
"Please treat the site with all of the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis."
Poland's men's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G.
Police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
Police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant of responsibility for the attack.
Police superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused appeared in court with covered faces.
"Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing."
Posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections — commonly 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and strict obedience to them is even more important than otherwise.
Potro received treatment to his shoulder at this point but managed to return to the game.
"Pre-modern observatories are usually obsolete today, and remain as museums, or sites of education."
Pre-operative transgender people should not expect to pass through the scanners with their privacy and dignity intact.
"Previously, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, remarked the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from his shop in his garage."
"Prides are made up of one to three related adult males, along with as many as thirty females and cubs."
"Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after Tuesday's 25 minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO."
"Prior to the arrival of troops, Haiti had not encountered problems related to the disease since the 1800s."
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects.
Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
"Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species"
"Re-entry shock comes on sooner than culture shock (there's less of a honeymoon phase), lasts longer, and can be more severe."
"Regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms."
"Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese."
Reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood among the Sámi and the culture surrounding the trade is important also for many with other professions.
Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
"Remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night."
Research has found that females are two times more likely to have MS then males.
Research in AI involves making machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
"Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported the new species evolved in just two generations, though this process had been believed to take much longer, due to breeding between an endemic Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris."
"Resembling a television remote, the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space."
"Resting on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world."
"Ring also settled a lawsuit with competing security company, the ADT Corporation."
"Rip currents are the returning flow from waves breaking off the beach, often at a reef or similar."
"Robin Uthappa made the innings highest score, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes."
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
"Romanticism had a large element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel."
"Sadly, as newer methods of writing have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to lesser status and uses."
Safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
Saint Petersburg cruises include time in town. Cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms).
"Saltwater Crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from Rockhampton."
Same goes for the military because instead of army rankings being based on class they were now based on cailaber.
Scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather an aid that provides support to individuals whom are undergoing a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or beginning a new project.
"Scaffolds can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold but so is the little paperclip man in Microsoft Office."
Schneider testified via videolink from a USAF base in his homeland.
Science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has dislodged the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years.
Science’s main goal is to figure out the way the world works through the scientific method. This method in fact guides most scientific research.
"Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets collided with the Earth long ago."
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
"Scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground."
"Scotturb Bus 403 travels regularly to Sintra, stopping at Cabo da Roca."
"Searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive in the post-September 11, 2001 era."
Segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools with each generation.
Several Bishkek residents blamed protesters from the south for the lawlessness.
Several hostages have been rescued and least six have been confirmed dead so far.
Several large television screens were installed in various places in Rome to let the people watch the ceremony.
"Several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year."
Several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of February and it was announced on Tuesday.
"Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions."
"Severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life."
"Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200)."
Sharing a field trip virtually is also a great way to reflect a on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
"Sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away."
She came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
She directed officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away.
"She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published."
"Shooters in the supplementary pest control trial were to be closely supervised by rangers, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness evaluated."
"Similarly, by having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for visas to each of the Schengen member countries separately, hence saving time, money and paperwork."
Siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a Shark Tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup.
"Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area."
"Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters."
"Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa."
"Since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism."
"Since the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs."
"Since the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity."
"Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare."
"Singapore is generally an extremely safe place to be and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after arriving."
"Singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him."
"Six hostages, including the children and elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers."
"Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as ski bums, planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location."
Sleep interruption is the process of purposefully awakening during your normal sleep period and falling asleep a short time later (10–60 minutes).
Smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year.
"So, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label."
"Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing."
Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means that they tend to break apart with little or no nudging.
"Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above Berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise."
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
"Some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers."
"Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars)."
"Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known."
"Some roads have been damaged, railway service interrupted in the affected areas, and the Noto Airport in Ishikawa prefecture remains closed."
"Some venues offer alcoholic beverages on the house. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good gamblers know the importance of staying sober."
"Sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples."
"Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany."
"Soon, officers equipped with riot gear entered the yard and cornered the inmates with tear gas."
Sort of like rolling a heavy cart up a hill. Splitting the nucleus up again then releases some of that energy.
"South Africa have defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa."
"South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020."
"Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola, he said."
"Still, take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings."
Stirrups are supports for the rider's feet that hang down on either side of the saddle.
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal standards and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
"Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members."
"Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield."
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family.
Such children are called feral or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment.
"Such things have become separate disciplines, which focus on providing solutions to real life problems."
"Suits are standard business attire, and coworkers call each other by their family names or by job titles."
Summits include breath-taking views from peaks. Climbers from all parts of the world are continually establishing new routes amongst its endless potential of walls.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
"Swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball."
"Taiwan beginning start way back in 15th century where European sailors passing by record the island’s name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island."
"Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the upmarket suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland."
"Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from technology-push or the technological imperative to a strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic associated with scientific laws and their manifestation in technology."
"Technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. Students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class."
Television reports show white smoke coming from the plant.
That didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
The up bow mark looks like a V and the down bow mark like a staple or a square missing its bottom side.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides still known to exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
"The 35mm format is actually, somewhat confusingly, 36mm in width by 24mm in height."
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
"The AI ​​system is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as has been built in several home computer and video game software applications."
The Amazon River is the second longest and the biggest river on Earth. It carries more than 8 times as much water as the second biggest river.
"The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, at times six miles wide."
"The Arabs also brought Islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the Comoros and Mayotte."
The Articles required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be amended and states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
The Babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god.
"The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing."
"The D-Day landings and the following battles had freed the north of France, but the south still wasn't free."
"The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce."
The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed working class people of other country's to began their own revolutions.
"The Giza Plateau, or Giza Necropolis in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great Sphinx."
The Great Pyramid at Giza is the only one of the seven wonders that is still standing today.
"The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture."
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to Haiti.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that DNA was a genetic material.
"The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which by convention ends around 1500."
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
"The Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border of Mozambique in the east, Zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the Crocodile River."
The Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru l-Badya and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading bases there.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this point Jerry poses no threat to land.
"The Ninth Ward, which saw flooding as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently in waist-high water as the nearby levee was overtopped."
The Northern Marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation.
"The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his fitness has been in doubt."
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
"The Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation."
"The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755."
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East.
"The Schengen zone, however, works somewhat like one country in this respect."
The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
The Sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
"The Sundarbans are the largest littoral mangrove belt in the world, stretching 80 km (50 mi) into the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland from the coast."
"The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which about one-third is covered in water/marsh areas."
The Sundarbans has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park.
The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest eras in Ancient China’s history thousands of people died fighting to sit in the highest seat in the grand palace at Xi’an.
"The Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from Indian Yoga."
The U.N. also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the impacts.
The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rainfall could breach the previously damaged levees.
The United States Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense office is tracking the debris.
"The accused are named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar."
"The age where the events took place is commonly referred as the High Middle Ages the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300)."
The amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit.
The announcement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the Peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
The area is also home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species.
The aspect ratio of this format (dividing by twelve to obtain the simplest whole-number ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2.
The best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals.
The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading 18 and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense.
"The bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished."
"The broad boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centers are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more of Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey."
The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is.
"The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely used."
"The center of Tibetan meditation is the Deity Yoga. Through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created."
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
"The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, attached to a sophisticated sewage system."
The city is also the base to climb the Nyiragongo volcano along with some of the cheapest Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa.
"The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an Arabic flair than of an African."
The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that started in October.
The community irritation led to current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site which hosts millions of openly-licensed media.
The composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
"The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire."
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled Bush's New Orleans Deal.
"The definition has geographic variations, where the age limit might be shorter in places such as North America than in Europe."
"The disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos."
The distinct characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the uses and gratifications approach.
"The document, according to the leak, will refer to the borders dispute, which Palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 Mideast War."
The early reports say the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
"The earthquake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte."
The eathquake struck Mariana at 07:19 a.m. local time (09:19 p.m. GMT Friday).
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter.
"The fatalities were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback had been the driver."
"The feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down."
"The females are usually closely related to each other, being a large family of sisters and daughters."
"The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play Australia."
"The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15 game winning streak."
The find also grants insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
The first cases of the disease this season were reported in late July.
"The first known transportation was walking, humans began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo Erectus (meaning upright man)."
The first public reading of the document was by John Nixon in the yard of Independence Hall on July 8.
The fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
The forests aren't just mangrove swamps though — they include some of the last remaining stands of the mighty jungles which once covered the Gangetic plain.
"The games kicked off at 10:00am with great weather and apart from mid morning drizzle which quickly cleared up, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby."
The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
The great majority of Hong Kong Island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore.
"The great pyramid was created to honor the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members."
"The harbor was the site of an infamous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain refused to leave the harbor."
"The hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others."
The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards. Fruit juices are pricey but excellent.
The idea of skiing is very old — cave paintings depicting skiers date back as far as 5000 BC!
"The job of navies has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and goods, while at the same time, interfering with your enemy's ability to move his people and goods."
The largest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
"The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you are fearful."
"The lower the tension, the more positive the life force present. Every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment."
"The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow."
"The main Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles). It collects water from thousands of smaller rivers."
"The main letters to watch out for are c and g, since their pronunciation varies based on the following vowel."
"The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called Manta."
The major religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christian.
"The medical charity Mangola, Medecines Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organisation say it is the worst outbreak recorded in the country."
The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report truly regrettable.
The mob of people forced the King And Queen to have their carriage windows wide open.
"The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Merenids as a strategic port called Anfa."
"The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell."
"The money could go toward flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification."
"The most readily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins accessible in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked."
"The mountains of the Peninsula here merge into the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360 km chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier."
"The movie, featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all major categories."
The much-abused and often-ridiculed rule of thirds is a simple guideline creating dynamism while keeping a measure of order in an image.
"The northern part or Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinson Massif, peaking at 4892 m Mount Vinson."
The number of people present was so large that it was not possible for everybody to gain access to the funeral in St. Peter's Square.
"The obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you)."
The official Falklands currency is the Falkland pound (FKP) whose value is set equivalent to that of one British pound (GBP).
"The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. Airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in."
"The original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before."
"The other nominations include Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay."
"The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to undertake such measures as deployment of pig catchers in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito curtains and spraying pesticides."
The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the tested chemical.
The parade of buildings that make the Hong Kong skyline has been likened to a glittering bar chart that is made apparent by the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
"The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided in 14 different ecozones, each supporting different wildlife."
"The patient had been to Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus have occurred."
"The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he subsequently died."
The photographers later took the place of an aged lady as she needed the lavatory. Mendoza was gunned down.
"The presence of a true invisible team (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team."
The program started at 8:30 p.m. local time (15.00 UTC).
The pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for kids.
"The qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors."
The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
"The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down."
The result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
The rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes never seen before.
The road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
The rock band was due to tour the United States and Canada until September 16.
"The ruling party, South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections."
"The same month saw another airliner overrun a runway at Mashhad and strike a wall, killing seventeen."
"The satellite in space gets the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly."
The satellite was sent into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth’s atmosphere distorts some of our light and view.
"The satellites, both of which weighed in excess of 1,000 pounds, and traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above the Earth."
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up.
The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does.
"The secret to their success is the concept of the niche, a special job each cat holds that keeps it from competing with others."
"The service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs."
"The show originally featured amateur voice actors, local to East Texas."
"The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star with respect to magnetic reversals."
"The sometimes-violent protests were triggered by failure to hold elections, some due since 2011."
The speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than that of its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s.
The station's web site describes the show as old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin!
"The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan."
"The strain of bird flu lethal to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday, in marshland near Lyon in the east of France."
"The strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries."
"The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain."
The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
"The tenth named storm of the Atlantic Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today."
The term bug is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
"The term safari in popular use refers to overland travel to view the stunning African wildlife, particularly on savanna."
"The terrified King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette their two young children (11 year old Marie Therese and four year old Louis-Charles) and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, on the 6th October 1789 were forced back to Paris from Versailles by a mob of market women."
"The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar."
"The tiger's roar is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of snarly, shouted words."
The top of the tower was special sanctuary for the god.
"The truck driver, who is aged 64, was not injured in the crash."
"The two compounds react with one another to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the university said."
"The two towers rise to a height of 83 meters, it's 378 meters long and it has two lanes of 3.50 m wide."
"The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds."
The vehicle itself was taken away from the scene of the accident at approximately 1200 GMT on the same day.
"The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it didn't open to traffic until March 2017."
"The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere."
The village of Haldarsvík offer views of the nearby island Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
The war expenditures of U.S. imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines were paid for by the Filipino people themselves.
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (X) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies.
"The winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says."
"The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society."
"The work done was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy."
The invisible team is the management team to which each of the members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.
"Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat."
"Their predecessors, the Australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually."
"Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground, said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona."
"Then, Lakkha Singh took the lead in singing the bhajans."
"There are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler."
"There are also a few buses going north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives."
"There are different ways of purifying water, some more effective against specific threats."
"There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better."
"There are many beaches, due to Auckland's straddling of two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas."
There are no particular rainy and dry seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year.
"There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual."
"There are still many men and women alive who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death there, Jews and non-Jews alike."
There is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise up to the surface.
"There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bath houses where men and women were together in mixed company."
"There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive."
There's a tradition to pass the Easter night awake at some exposed point to see the sunrise.
"There, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered with blood-stained blankets."
"Therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about Persian grammar and understand phrases better."
These are sometimes-crowded family beaches with a good range of shops lining the shore. Swimming is safe.
These couples may choose to make an adoption plan for their baby.
"These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities."
These theories look at what it is about certain people that make them want the things that they do and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood.
They all ran back from where the accident had happened.
They also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
"They are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees."
They are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the Earth will be affected.
They can also hold the reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or procure other documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
"They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey."
They did two experiments marking either the DNA in the phage with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur.
"They found the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else."
They have cancelled the tour after lead singer Steven Tyler was injured after he fell off stage while performing on August 5.
"They have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two back legs like a T-Rex."
"They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event."
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management.
They provide greater stability for the rider but can have safety concerns due to the potential for a rider's feet to get stuck in them.
"They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers, to keep guests in a good mood, and keep them at the premise."
They were compelled to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial regime to defray a major part of the expenditures and the interest on bonds floated in the name of the Philippine government through the Wall Street banking houses.
Think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route.
"This became common practice, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons."
This behavior oftentimes results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team.
This can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you.
This gives them a wider range of small places to hide from predators.
This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
This is called a chemical's pH. You can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK but Scottish justice works differently and courts have viewed publication of photos as potentially prejudicial.
"This is especially popular with school leavers, allowing them to take a year out before university, without compromising their education."
"This is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases. However, if we do not only want a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should deactivate them."
"This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one to forty)."
"This is the place the British colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start."
This means you can visit the historic city for a couple of full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night.
"This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before."
"This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement."
"This offers a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock."
This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models which help us to understand processes in our mind.
"This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats."
"This seems sensible, because the Earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it?"
"This term derives from ancient familiarity with Bed-bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans."
"This theory says that most dark matter around a galaxy is located around a galaxy in a kind of halo, and is made of lots of small particles."
This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. One size fits all for men!
"This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable."
"This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, though he also theorised that they change into new substances to form what we see."
"This will allow it to be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has dual radios."
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air.
"Though each country was 'Scandinavian', there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland."
"Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word Gypsy is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people."
"Though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed."
"Thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the Solar System moved around the Sun."
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours.
"Through the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as Dunlap broadsides."
"Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration."
"Thus, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out."
"To better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) velocity."
"To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head for the Kowloon waterfront opposite."
To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra and which was made famous to foreigners after a glowing account of its splendours recorded by Lord Byron.
To understand the Templars one must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order.
"Today many Sámi work in modern trades. Tourism is an important income in Sápmi, the Sámi area."
"Today, Timbuktu is an impoverished town, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport."
"Today, the only insects that cannot fold back their wings are dragon flies and mayflies."
"Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two summer Olympics, having hosted the games in 1964."
Tommy Dreamer said Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman.
Tournament top seeds South Africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded Zambia.
Traffic Flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with one another.
"Travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent."
"Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages."
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as they may affect any travel plans.
"Travellers bound for countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco."
Travellers may encounter animal pests that they are not familiar with in their home regions.
Travellers who had an easy time adjusting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly hard time readjusting to their native culture.
"Travelling by plane can be a scary experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, particularly if they've not flown before or have experienced a traumatic event."
"Try aiming somewhere where you are not caught again or, depending on your skills and on whether you have been noticed, you might want to wait for rescue."
"Turkey would also take over guarding captured ISIS fighters which, the statement said, European nations have refused to repatriate."
Twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory.
"Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio."
Typically there will be a tuition fee to enroll in these educational programs.
"U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia."
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
"UN peacekeepers, whom arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are being blamed for the spread of the disease which started near the troop's encampment."
"USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment."
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
"Uka's weapon failed whilst pointed at a fifth man's head. Schneider has ongoing pain, blindness in one eye, a missing section of skull and a face rebuilt from titanium."
Under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
"Unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult because driver behavior cannot be predicted with one-hundred percent certainty."
"Up means you should start at the tip and push the bow, and down means you should start at the frog (which is where your hand is holding the bow) and pull the bow."
Using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans.
Usually you always here the sound of tourists and vendors. The story of the sound and light is just like a story book.
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communications.
Vatican City's population is around 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population.
"Virtual Scaffolds are internalized in the software and are meant to question, prompt, and explain procedures that may have been to challenging for the student to handle alone."
Virtual team members often function as the point of contact for their immediate physical group.
"Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences."
Virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers.
Visibility may also be restricted by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on vehicle windows.
Voyagers planning sex reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they're carrying valid documents for the return trip.
Wagonways were built in England as early as the 16th Century.
Water is spilling over the levee in a section 100 feet wide.
"We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification."
"We call this process speciation, which just means the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution."
"We can start living more friendly to the environment, we can join to the environmental movement, and we can even be activists in order to reduce the future suffering in some degree."
"We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. Its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal."
"We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most foods that we eat are plants. Without plants, animals could not survive."
We perceive the Foster Care System to be a safety zone for these children.
"When a small group of living things (a small population) gets separated from the main population that they came from (like if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that they can't easily move back) they will often find themselves in a different environment than they were in before."
"When all available resources are effectively used across the functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can transpire."
"When asked for comment, Miller said, Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."
"When completely brought up by non-human animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely like those of the particular care-animal, such as its fear of or indifference to humans."
"When returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture."
"When the fighting ceased after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining inmates stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells."
"When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you are using a satellite."
"When you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt."
"While Goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of Goma should be researched to understand the state of the fighting that persists in the North Kivu province."
While he was working at the hospital Liggins began to investigate premature labor during his spare time.
"While most of their food would be familiar to us, Romans did have their share of strange or unusual feast items, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called a dormouse"
"While no one knows for certain who wrote it, it is known that early in its life, the large parchment document (it measures 29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage."
"While one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce Ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection."
"While project based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding goes a step beyond."
"While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is bien élevé (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier."
"While visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too."
"Why do transportation systems engender such complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? Are transportation engineers just incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on?"
Why would an organization want to go through the time consuming process of establishing a learning organization? One goal for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
"Widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on Bishkek's streets."
Willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as widely variable.
"Winter sports are most popular in the Northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events."
"With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation."
"With Kundalini Yoga the Kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations."
"With only eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make the medal podium."
"With two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began."
Women did the cooking in the yard; stores were just open counters looking into the street. Stone was used for building houses.
"Women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc."
"Women: It is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status."
"Workers must often get their superiors' approval for any decisions they make, and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without question."
"Workplace harmony is crucial, emphasizing group effort rather than praising individual accomplishments."
"Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776. The text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down."
Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two 'black box' flight recorders on Wednesday.
Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. we treat you.
"Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities."
You can also have alloys that include small amounts of non-metallic elements like carbon.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
You can use boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for the short ride.
"You may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens."
Your local telephone service provider should be able to give more information about connecting to this service.
"he cave itself, which survived the times, gives a very vivid image of Muhammad’s spiritual inclinations."
towards the end of the Middle Ages western Europe began to develop their own style. one of the biggest developments of the time as a result of the crusades people began to use buttons to fasten clothing.
"İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub."
Personal involvement and continuing relationships were also identified as new motivation aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites.
"Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting. "
"Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence. "
"If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy Mr Costello said. "
"It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible, said a government spokesperson. "
It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is. 
"Luckily nothing happened to me, but I saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out. "
"Panama Papers is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016. "
Some may not agree but I don't care. 
"Thanks for those who supported a convict like me, Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference. "
The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority. 
"We were all simply in shock, the mother stated. "
"2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion. "
21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City last year in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million. 
"250 years later, Guinness has grown to a global business that turns over 10 billion euros (US$14.7 billion) every year. "
"28-year-old Vidal had joined Barça three seasons ago, from Sevilla. "
"800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System were closed down following a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska. "
A Hangi Meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground. 
A Triceratops could have used its strong beak to strip off the leaves before eating the trunk. 
"A World's Fair (commonly called World Exposition, or simply Expo) is large international festival of arts and sciences. "
"A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle had not yet been invented, so the Assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses. "
A cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living (things) organism. 
A change was made this legislative session when the second sentence was deleted first by the House of Representatives and then was passed in a similar form by the Senate Monday. 
A contagious disease is a disease which is easily transmitted by being in the vicinity of an infected person. 
A couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter. 
"A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show Zoungla in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption. "
"A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said. "
"A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.' "
A hospitality exchange network is the organization that connects travelers with locals in the cities they are going to visit. 
"A hostel collapsed in Mecca, the holy city of Islam at about 10 o'clock this morning local time. "
"A listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers. "
"A person who weighs 200 pounds (90kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16kg) on Io. So the gravity, of course, pulls less on you. "
A population is the collection of organisms of a particular species within a given geographic area. 
A power failure following a routine fire-command system test caused relief valves to open and crude oil overflowed near the Fort Greely pump station 9. 
"A tornado is a spinning column of very low-pressure air, which sucks the surrounding air inward and upward. "
"A traveller with piles of money might consider a round the world flight, broken up with stays in many of these hotels. "
A triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots. 
A visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the lake. 
ADD affects relationships with other peers because other children can not understand why they act the way that they do or why they spell they way they do or that their maturity level is different. 
AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join. 
About ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared. 
"About three thousand years later, in 1610, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does. "
Access to these services is often through a toll-free telephone number that can be called from most phones without charge. 
"Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety. "
"According to Ansa, police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession. "
"According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak. "
"According to the story, his motivation was fame at any cost. The Ephesians, outraged, announced that Herostratus' name never be recorded. "
"Accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed. "
After hundreds of hours of operation the filament in the bulb eventually burns out and the light bulb no longer works. 
"After initial military setbacks, Ethelred was able to agree to terms with Olaf, who returned to Norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success. "
"After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam. "
"After the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of Bhutan's most sensational attractions. "
"After the match, King of Clay said, I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this. "
"After you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website. "
"Airlines such as Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways & Turkish Airlines have greatly expanded their services to Africa, and offer connections to many major African cities at competitive rates than other European airlines. "
"Airlines that offer these include Air Canada, Delta Air Lines, Lufthansa for flights originating from the U.S. or Canada, and WestJet. "
Al Gore and General Tommy Franks casually rattle off their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion reported he and Tipper were having the best sex of their lives after his 2000 Electoral College defeat). 
"Alexander, as king, offered to pay to rebuild the temple, but his offer was denied. Later, after Alexander died, the temple was rebuilt in 323 BCE. "
"Already reporting in English and Japanese, the global organization is launching Spanish, Italian, and Korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices. "
Also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help. 
"Also, in warmer climates bacteria both grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body. "
"Although Chile declared independence in 1810 (amid the Napoleonic wars that left Spain without a functioning central government for a couple of years), decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818. "
"Although in the end, Krushchev sent in tanks to restore order, he did give way to some economic demands and agreed to appoint the popular Wladyslaw Gomulka as the new prime minister. "
"Although in theory they can take place annually (so long as they are in different countries), in practice they are not. "
"Although its physical state may change, its chemical state remains the same. "
"Although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations. "
"Although some scholars speculate that since the civilisation also existed in the basins of the now dried up Sarasvati River, it should be aptly called the Indus-Sarasvati Civilization, while some call it the Harappan Civilization after Harappa, the first of its sites to be excavated in the 1920s. "
"Although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance. "
"Among these abilities, understanding the intention of others is crucial. It allows us to resolve possible ambiguities of physical actions. "
"An Avenger class mine countermeasures ship, the ship was on its way to Puerto Princesa in Palawan. "
"An additional 300 brings the total to 1,300 carriages to be acquired to relieve overcrowding. "
"An immigration checkpoint is usually the first stop when disembarking from a plane, a ship, or another vehicle. "
"An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, where the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry. "
"An infectious disease is one that is caused by a pathogen, such as a virus, bacterium, fungus or other parasites. "
An inquiry was established to investigate. 
An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak. 
"And then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the Mara river, after the rains in around April. "
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs. 
"Animals are found all over the earth. They dig in the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky. "
Animals are made of many cells. They eat things and digest them inside. Most animals can move. 
Another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower. 
"Another famous Greek is a mathematician Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles. "
"Another secondary containment area below the tanks capable of holding 104,500 barrels was not yet filled to capacity. "
"Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole. "
Any camping below the rim in Grand Canyon requires a backcountry permit. 
"Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride. "
Anyone interested in seeing evidence of the damage to the mummy done during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible. 
Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the device by walking onto the stage and taking the iPhone out of his jeans pocket. 
Architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right. 
"Architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design. "
"Arias tested positive for a mild case of the virus, Presidential Minister Rodrigo Arias said. "
Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well. 
"Around 11:29, the protest moved up Whitehall, past Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, passing by Aldwych and up Kingsway towards Holborn where the Conservative Party were holding their Spring Forum in the Grand Connaught Rooms hotel. "
"Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany. "
"Arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. About 1000 B.C., the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry. "
"As a result of this, a big scandal within the Greek legal community has been raised through the exposure of illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and attorneys have done during the previous years. "
"As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination. "
"As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth, added Stofan. "
"As mentioned above, though the word Eskimo remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada. "
"As of Wednesday afternoon, the tank vents were still leaking probably from thermal expansion inside the tank. "
"As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian. "
As the ability to obtain knowledge and to learn changed in such a way as mentioned above the base rate at which knowledge was obtained changed. 
"As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory. "
"As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean. "
"As time passed, many words that were borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment. "
"As well as a former Olympic and World champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death. "
"As with respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in hot climates are fairly common and in most cases are distinctly annoying but not really dangerous. "
Asynchronous communication encourages time for reflection and reaction to others. 
"At 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up. "
"At 1:15 a.m. Saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it. "
"At a minimum, you need footwear with suitable soles. Summer shoes are usually very slippery on ice and snow, even some winter boots are deficient. "
"At exactly 8:46 a.m. a hush fell across the city, marking the exact moment the first jet struck its target. "
"At home, due to this constant exposure to the local germs, odds are very high that you're already immune to them. "
"At its peak, Tropical Cyclone Gonu, named for a bag of palm leaves in the language of the Maldives, reached sustained winds of 240 kilometers an hour (149 miles per hour) . "
"At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year. "
"At the edge of glaciers huge blocks break loose, fall down and perhaps jump or roll farther from the edge. "
"At the time of the award, Atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores. "
"At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area. "
"At the top end, B&Bs obviously compete mainly on two main things: bedding and breakfast. "
Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits. 
"Attention Deficit Disorder is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy. "
"Australia's former conservative government refused to ratify Kyoto, saying it would damage the economy with its heavy reliance on coal exports, while countries like India and China were not bound by emissions targets. "
Authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest. 
Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created with the intent of facilitating communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating. 
"Avalanches are not an abnormality; steep slopes can hold only so much slow, and the excess volumes will come down as avalanches. "
"Based on Fray Bartolomé de las Casas (Tratado de las Indias) between 1492 and 1498 the Spanish conquerors killed around 100,000 Taínos. "
"Basically you'll be putting up notices offering your help, pacing the docks, approaching people cleaning their yachts, trying to make contact with sailors in the bar, etc. "
"Basically, they fall into two categories: Either work while you travel or try and limit your expenses. This article is focused on the latter. "
Batten was ranked 190th on the 2008 400 Richest Americans list with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion. 
Be assured that once you hit the marinas everything will be pretty obvious. You will meet other boat hitchhikers and they will share their information with you. 
Be sure the agent through whom you book is a Galapagos specialist with a good knowledge of a wide variety of ships. 
"Beaches, theme parks and camp grounds are often the most common places frequented by recreational tourists. "
"Because calls are routed over the Internet, you do not need to use a phone company located where you live or where you travel. "
"Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them. "
"Because the bottom of the blade is slightly curved, as the blade tilts to one side or the other, the edge which is in contact with the ice also curves. "
"Before the Spanish arrived in the 16th century, northern Chile was under Inca rule while the indigenous Araucanians (Mapuche) inhabited central and southern Chile. "
Beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies and the indoor ice events. 
"Besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the Indian national flag, painted on all sides. "
"Besides white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country is home to the oldest European city in the Americas, now part of Santo Domingo. "
Beware: small-town bars here are not always good places for the out-of-state visitor to hang out. 
"Bird flu, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals. "
Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice. 
Blood goes away from the heart in tubes called arteries and comes back to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries. 
Boomerang throwing is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire. 
"Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident green card. "
"Born in the Croatian capital, Zagreb, Bobek gained fame while playing for Partizan Belgrade. "
Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games. 
"Bowen Island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more. "
"Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country. "
Breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish. 
British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this. 
"But in other parts of the world, where the bacteriological fauna are new to you, you're far more likely to run into problems. "
But is our imagination based on reality? Why were castles built in the first place? How were they designed and built? 
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel. 
"But, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. The stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are neighbors. "
"Buying food in supermarkets is usually the cheapest way to get fed. Without cooking opportunities, choices are however limited to ready-made food. "
"By early today, winds were around 83 km/h, and it was expect to keep weakening. "
"CafeNet El Sol offers a reservation service for a fee of US$30, or $10 for one-day passes; details on their Corcovado page. "
Callejon del Beso (Alley of the Kiss). Two balconies separated by only 69 centimeters is home of an old love legend. 
"Canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water. "
"Canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example). "
"Car camping is possible if you have a large minivan, SUV, Sedan or Station Wagon with seats that lay down. "
"Carrying for others - Never let your bags out of your sight, especially when you are crossing international borders. "
Cell comes from the Latin word cella which means small room. 
"Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as the building blocks of life. "
Charles was the first member of the British Royal Family to be awarded a degree. 
"Check with the institution, as well as the immigration department for the country you wish to study in for detailed requirements. "
Chiao and Sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters. 
Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior. 
"Children with ADD have a hard time focusing on things like school work, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy doing like playing games or watching their favorite cartoons or writing sentences without punctuation. "
China's GDP could be larger than the United States within two decades. 
"Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism. "
"Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso located in the Italian region of Liguria. "
"Coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region. "
Cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face. 
"Compared to most of the other royal tombs, however, the tomb of Tutankhamun is barely worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration. "
Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos. 
"Consider getting an eye exam at home, especially if insurance covers it, and bringing the prescription along to be filed elsewhere. "
"Construction is ongoing for five new skyscrapers at the site, with a transportation center and memorial park in the middle. "
Convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution. 
Couchsurfing was founded in January 2004 after computer programmer Casey Fenton found a cheap flight to Iceland but did not have a place to stay. 
"Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no rough areas. "
Cuban citizens who are US green card holders should visit an Ecuadorian Consulate to obtain an exemption to this requirement. 
Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain. 
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe. 
David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba. 
Day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day. 
Despite his comments he said he will be supporting the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics being held in London. 
"Despite these accusations, Ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the Chinese mainland. "
Diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan. 
Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary. 
Do not sleep on a mattress or pad on the ground in areas where you do not know the local fauna. 
Doctors began to be recruited by Emperor Augustus and even formed the first Roman Medical Corps for use in the aftermath of battles. 
"Don't forget to add in the extra costs of additional visas, departure taxes, ground transportation, etc. for all those places outside of Africa. "
Dr. Lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in Turkey have now become infected with the A(H5N1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill. 
"Drink alcoholic drinks with moderation. Alcohol affects everyone differently, and knowing your limit is very important. "
"Due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the Old City area, Jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in Israel. "
Dump trucks were used to block tube entrances and assistance of 80 police were on hand to direct motorists to detours. 
"During his 2 hour speech he stated that Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today. "
"During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances. "
"During the 18th century Cambodia found itself squeezed between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam. "
"During the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy. "
"During the summer, also watch out for the Nordic mosquitoes. Although they do not transmit any diseases, they can be irritating. "
Each country also has unique laws requiring what emergency items need to be in the car. 
Each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories. 
Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days. 
Each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library. 
"Early in the nation's independence, Singapore Botanic Gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical Garden City. "
Ecuador requires that Cuban citizens receive an invitation letter prior to entering Ecuador through international airports or frontier admission points. 
"Eighteen holes are played during a regular round, with players usually starting on the first hole on the course and finishing on the eighteenth. "
"Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy. "
Elements and compounds can move from one state to another and not change. 
"Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it. "
England had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw. 
Entering Southern Africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes. 
"Especially in your initial days, consider splurging on Western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize. "
"Estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language. "
European Turkey (eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan peninsula) includes 3% of the country. 
"Even if you're driving through the subtropical rainforest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get inside the vehicle is enough time for mosquitoes to get in the vehicle with you. "
"Even standing amidst thousand year-old ruins it is easy to bring to mind the sounds and smells of battles long gone, to almost hear the clatter of hooves on the cobbles and to smell the fear rising from the dungeon pits. "
Even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. Hypothermia is a real risk without warm clothing. 
Every corner store is filled with a confusing array of pre-paid phone cards that can be used from pay phones or ordinary telephones. 
Every train has both MetroPlus and Metro coaches; the MetroPlus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town. 
"Every year around October nearly 1.5 million herbivores travel towards the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills for the rains. "
"Evidence thereafter indicated test papers were tampered with Hall, along with 34 other education officials, was indicted in 2013. "
"Eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower. "
"Families with children are a rare sight, but some hostels do allow them in private rooms. "
"Families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children. "
"Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday. "
"Fewer than a thousand cases have ever been reported in humans, but some of them have been fatal. "
Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last July. 
Fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and some relaxing chamomile tea at night. 
"Fire captain Scott Kouns said, It was a hot day in the Santa Clara with temperatures in the 90s. "
"First, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected. "
Fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters. 
"Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is almost always a bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area. "
"Followers pursue certain ways of living, or practices that are intended to nurture those experiences. "
Following seabed mapping the wreck was found using an ROV. 
"Following the process, HJR-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislature in either 2015 or 2016 to remain in process. "
"Following the race, Keselowski remains the Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points. "
"For a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them. "
For a few pennies some children will tell you the story. 
"For a long time during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, it was believed the first inhabitants of New Zealand were the Maori people, who hunted giant birds called moas. "
"For example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car. "
"For instance, children who identify with a racial minority that is stereotyped as not doing well in school tend to not do well in school once they learn about the stereotype associated with their race. "
"For most countries, you will need an offer letter from the institution you wish to study at, and also evidence of funds to support yourself for at least the first year of your course. "
"For one thing, northern New Mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars. "
"For that reason, everything you see on the TV had the borders cut, top, bottom and sides. "
"For that, they had to get rid of British bases and ships in Egypt. Besides those actions, Italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else. "
"For the first time, last year China exported more cars than Germany and surpassed the United States as the biggest market for this industry. "
"For those unfamiliar with medical jargon, the words infectious and contagious have distinct meanings. "
"For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a trek up the Sea to Sky corridor is essential. "
"For those willing to sacrifice comfort, time and predictability to push expenses down close to zero, see minimum budget travel. "
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote. 
Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent. 
Fossil hand bones two million to three million years old reveal this shift in specialization of the hand from locomotion to manipulation. 
"Four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of MRI. "
Fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest. 
"Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W. "
French law was changed. His activism went back to age 15 when he joined the French Resistance during World War II. 
"General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over the Assunpink Creek and prevent any enemy troops from escaping. "
"General John Cadwalder would launch a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, in order to block off any reinforcements. "
German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines. 
"Germany code-named the attack Operation Sealion. Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak. "
Getting into your own car and heading off on a long road trip has an intrinsic appeal in its simplicity. 
"Given how remote many of the pueblos are, you won't be able to find a significant amount of nightlife without traveling to Albuquerque or Santa Fe. "
Golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls into holes. 
Greed and selfishness will always be with us and it is the nature of cooperation that when the majority benefit there will always be more to gain in the short term by acting selfishly 
Gridley or Stark placed a stake about 100 feet (30 m) in front of the fence and ordered that no one fire until the regulars passed it. 
Hangeul is the only purposely invented alphabet in popular daily use. The alphabet was invented in 1444 during the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450). 
"Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the cloud). "
He also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the Roe decision depended upon. 
"He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the settled law of the land, emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings. "
He died in Osaka on Tuesday. 
He documented himself in a 1998 book. 
He emailed students at the local university and received an overwhelming number of offers for free accommodation. 
He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences of the University of Virginia in 1950 and was a significant donor to that institution. 
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers. 
"He has also been accused previously of copyright infringement, but was not charged. "
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958. 
"He originally named the Hangeul alphabet Hunmin Jeongeum, which means the correct sounds for the instruction of the people. "
"He received the Hero of the Soviet Union, the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work. "
He recently lost against Raonic in the Brisbane Open. 
He was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died. 
He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia. 
"He went on to say, This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should. "
He would need to be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and it was his own car that he was trying to break into. 
"Heels should be low and wide. Sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often scattered on roads or paths to improve traction. "
Helicopters rescued the twelve crewmembers and the only injury was a broken nose. 
Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is a cousin of Velociraptor . 
"High-end brand-name frames available in such areas may have two problems; some may be knock-offs, and the real imported ones may be more expensive than at home. "
"Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails. "
"Hindi and Urdu are similar in vocabulary but different in script; in everyday conversations, speakers of both languages can usually understand each other. "
"His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group. "
"Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others. "
Hostels cater primarily to young people – a typical guest is in their twenties – but you can often find older travellers there too. 
"How would Io's gravity pull on me? If you stood on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than you do on Earth. "
However in 991 Ethelred was faced with a Viking fleet larger than any since Guthrum's a century earlier. 
"However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge where he studied Anthropology and Archaeology, and later History, earning a 2:2 (a lower second class degree). "
"However, Star Alliance covers everything except the eastern South Pacific from Santiago de Chile to Tahiti, which is a LATAM Oneworld flight. "
"However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain. "
"However, in June 1956, Krushchev's promises were put to the test when riots in Poland, where workers were protesting against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against Communism. "
"However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means come over, similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose. "
"However, nearly all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them bring in name-brand entertainment (primarily the large ones immediately surrounding Albuquerque and Santa Fe). "
"However, new evidence suggests that the Moriori were a group of mainland Maori who migrated from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands, developing their own distinctive, peaceful culture. "
"However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and legal walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags. "
"However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many tombs of the past were robbed, this tomb was left virtually undisturbed. "
"However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe in the late 16th century. "
"However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away. "
"However, they have a different kind of beauty and charm during winter, with many hill stations receiving healthy amounts of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding. "
"However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars. "
"However, very few Royal Navy ships were based near the likely invasion routes as the admirals were afraid they would be sunk by German air attack. "
Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance. 
Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis. 
Humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others. 
Humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves. 
Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years. 
I am happy that there are people willing to support me. 
"I expect to return to all my duties on Monday, Arias said in a statement. "
"If confirmed, the find completes Allen's eight-year search for the Musashi. "
"If just taking a photo of something isn't allowed, then you shouldn't even think of recording a video of it. "
If the objective of one’s visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism. 
If traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock. 
"If traveling with a laptop or tablet, store a copy in its memory or disc (accessible without the internet). "
"If using a drone, check well in advance as to what you are allowed to film and what permits or additional licensing are required. "
"If you are going to camp out, bring a camp cot or hammock to keep you away from snakes, scorpions and such. "
"If you don't have a data connection for your phone, or when it is out of range, their performance can be limited or unavailable. "
"If you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse. "
"If you have additional travel time, check to see how your total fare quote to Africa compares with a round-the-world fare. "
"If you live in a city with a varied drinking culture, go to bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent. "
"If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls. "
"If you visit Greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing. "
"If you want to fly around the world completely in the Southern Hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations is limited due to the lack of transoceanic routes. "
"If you want to learn throwing a boomerang that comes back to your hand, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning. "
"If you want to see the world on the cheap, for necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are some ways to do that. "
"If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies: "
"Illegal spirits can contain various dangerous impurities including methanol, which can cause blindness or death even in small doses. "
"Imagine, if you will, a Mancunian, Bostonian, Jamaican and Sydneysider sitting around a table having dinner at a restaurant in Toronto. "
"In 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the Drukgyal Dzong to remain, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal. "
In 1957 Luxembourg became a founding member of the organization which is today known as the European Union. 
"In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first whole-body MRI scanner, which he called the Indomitable. "
"In 1981, Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the nation's national flower. "
"In 1994, the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan waged war against the Azeris. "
In 1995 he was voted the best player in Partizan's history. 
In 2009 she was awarded the title of National Superintendent of the Year. 
"In 2010, while nationalised, the current high street bank Northern Rock plc was split from the ‘bad bank’, Northern Rock (Asset Management). "
"In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner. "
"In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors. "
"In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices. "
In Rogaland and Agder they are usually called hei meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather. 
"In addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts. "
"In addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of flexible working hours. (Bremer, 1998) "
"In all cases, you must book by phone directly with the airline. "
"In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the Italian Tenth Army's Engineer-in-Chief, General Lastucci. "
"In developed countries today, providing deluxe bed and breakfasts has been raised to a sort of art-form. "
"In essence, the Renaissance made a significant change in the approach to learning and the dissemination of knowledge. "
"In fact, region codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disk will play just fine on any device where the original will. "
"In fact, there is not one good thing to learn.Learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented. "
"In general, staying in any foreign country for an extended period of time will require you to obtain a visa in advance. "
"In his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class. "
"In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day. "
"In many countries with such a law, local hotels will handle the registration (make sure to ask). "
"In many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating hello. "
"In other cases, only those staying outside of tourist accommodations need to register.  However, this makes the law much more obscure, so find out beforehand. "
"In particular, the numbering system in French-speaking Belgium and Switzerland has some slight peculiarities that are different from the French spoken in France, and the pronunciation of some words is slightly different. "
"In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to camp. "
"In some countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices. "
In some cross-border trains inspections are done on the running train and you should have valid ID with you when boarding one of those trains. 
"In some federal countries, such as the United States and Canada, income tax is levied both at the federal level and at the local level, so the rates and brackets can vary from region to region. "
"In summer, especially, you'll need to watch out for mosquitoes if you decide to hike through the rainforest. "
"In the 1480s, when its construction was begun by Lord Hastings, the country was relatively peaceful and defense was only required against small bands of roving marauders. "
In the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent Algeria to teach film directing. 
"In the beginning of the war they mostly travelled on top of the sea, but as radar began developing and becoming more accurate the submarines were forced to go under water to avoid being seen. "
"In the heat of the day, travelers can experience mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things). "
"In the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged. "
In the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia. 
"In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day. "
"In the past 20 years, the amount of child-friendly options in Uptown Charlotte has grown exponentially. "
"In the rainy season (November to March), the water volume will be higher and the Falls will be more dramatic. "
"In the winter, enjoy some of the best skiing in North America, and in the summer try some authentic mountain biking. "
"In the year 1970, Raymond Damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis. "
"In third, Hamlin is twenty points behind, but five ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points. "
"In this instance, recalling previous instances of entrepreneurial behavior and resulting successes helped people to be open to new changes and new direction for the local church. "
"In this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause atoms to give off tiny radio signals. "
"Income tax is structured differently in different countries, and the tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another. "
Increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied section of ready-made food. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food. 
Individuals who had been involved for several decades helped us appreciate our strengths and passions while candidly assessing difficulties and even failures. 
Inland Antarctica is a desolate plateau covered by 2-3 km of ice. 
"Interactive design requires that components of a project connect to each other, but also make sense as a separate entity. "
Interactive design requires that you re-assess your assumptions about media production and learn to think in a non-linear ways. 
"Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists. "
"International Horticultural Expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants. "
"Internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. Most of them operate independently. "
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot. 
It allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information. 
It can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere since many volunteer jobs provide room and board and a few pay a small salary. 
It can be better to use an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours. 
It can be customized to make it easy to read and also with as much or little color as desired. 
"It can save money over buying new maps for a GPS, or a standalone GPS device or renting one from a car rental company. "
"It can usually be replenished fairly easily if you run out, and gives resolution roughly comparable to a current DSLR. "
"It had a weaker army and a weaker navy, although they had just built four new ships right before the beginning of the war. "
"It has the same molecular structure whether it is a gas, liquid, or solid. "
It is an archipelago with 15 islands spread out over 2.2 million km2 of ocean. 
"It is assigned to the U.S. Navy’s Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan. "
"It is believed by some, including John Grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series. "
"It is not a learning disability, it is a learning disorder; it affects 3 to 5 percent of all children, perhaps as many as 2 million American children. "
It is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court. 
"It is possible to secure park permits directly from the Ranger Station in Puerto Jiménez, but they do not accept credit cards "
"It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the Tibetan-Mongol forces. "
It is the biggest acquisition in eBay's history. 
"It looks a bit daunting from below, and it is a steep and difficult ascent, but most reasonably fit persons should be able to make it in about 45 minutes. "
"It now functions as the central plaza, and always has a lot of things going on, day and night. "
It seems actually to be more a way of tricking people into believing they have to pay more. 
It was based on the German alphabet and one character Õ/õ was added. 
It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to help inexperienced folders or those with limited motor skills. 
"It was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses. "
"It's compacted snow with crevasses filled in and marked by flags. It can only be traveled by specialized tractors, hauling sleds with fuel and supplies. "
"Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the Mediterranean Sea and invade Africa. "
"Its a very complex entity which consists, according to a simplified Bohr model, of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, somewhat similar to planets orbiting the sun - see Figure 1.1. "
Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe. 
"Its frequent portrayal in music, films, literature and popular culture has helped make the city and its landmarks known throughout the world. "
Its large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long. 
"Its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported. "
"Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means western claw. "
"Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54. "
"Jardín de la Unión. This space was built as the atrium for a 17th-century convent, of which the Templo de San Diego is the sole surviving building. "
Jarque was practicing during pre-season training at Coverciano in Italy earlier in the day. He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia. 
"Jerusalem has many historic, archeological and cultural sites, along with vibrant and crowded shopping centers, cafés, and restaurants. "
"Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, though most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as Israel's capital. "
"John Grant, from WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's home station) said Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read,... the love of reading — [the show] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read. "
Joining such a network usually just requires filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification. 
"Jonny Reid, co-driver for the A1GP New Zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old Auckland Harbour Bridge, New Zealand, legally. "
"Just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in Whitehall. "
"Karno is a well-known but controversial English tutor who taught under Modern Education and King's Glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career. "
Keep in mind while planning that although Southern Africa is stable not all neighboring countries are. 
"Kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities. "
King Sejong was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded. 
Komen's policy disqualified Planned Parenthood due to a pending investigation on how Planned Parenthood spends and reports its money that is being conducted by Representative Cliff Stearns. 
"Lake Onega is also connected to Volga, so coming from the Caspian Sea through Russia is still possible. "
"Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now. "
"Last week, Naked News announced that it would dramatically increase its international language mandate to news reporting, with three new broadcasts. "
Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the process of joining ACTA. 
"Lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries. "
"Learning to create interactive media requires conventional and traditional skills, as well as tools mastered in interactive classes (storyboarding, audio and video editing, story telling, etc.) "
"Leonov, also known as cosmonaut No. 11, was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts. "
"Leslie Aun, a spokesperson for the Komen Foundation, said the organization adopted a new rule that does not allow grants or funding to be awarded to organizations that are under legal investigation. "
Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the little brother of Germany and Japan. 
"Living and volunteering in a foreign country is a great way to get to know a different culture, meet new people, learn about yourself, get a sense of perspective and even gain new skills. "
Local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding. 
Lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save Afghans the expense and security risk of another election. 
"Long before The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson envisioned a publication that would parody the news—and news reporting—when they were students at UW in 1988. "
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839. 
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both World War I and World War II by Germany. 
"MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University). "
"Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport. "
Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you. 
Make sure you know what you can and cannot bring in and declare anything over the legal limits. 
Make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers. 
"Many a stable, capable traveler has been overcome by the newness of developing world travel, where many little cultural adjustments can add up quickly. "
Many buildings are quite beautiful to look at and the view from a tall building or from a cleverly-positioned window can be a beauty to behold. 
"Many entire nations are completely fluent in English, and in even more you can expect a limited knowledge - especially among younger people. "
"Many exotic animals are hard to find, and parks sometimes have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes. "
"Many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases. "
Many of their writers have gone on to wield great influence on Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's news parody shows. 
"Many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and explore other worlds, some people wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life may live on another plant. "
Many tickets sold online through auction websites such as eBay or Craigslist are partially used multi-day park-hopper tickets. 
"Maroochydore had finished on top of the ladder, six points clear of Noosa in second. "
Maroochydore then defeated Caboolture in the Preliminary Final. 
Massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season. 
"Maybe one day, your great grandchildren will be standing atop an alien world wondering about their ancient ancestors? "
"MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in Europe. "
MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in and around Cape Town: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class). 
"Middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate. "
Modern Education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorisation and lying by saying that he was the chief English tutor. 
"Moose (also known as elk) aren't inherently aggressive, but will defend themselves if they perceive a threat. "
"Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour. "
Most boomerangs available in Australia are in fact non-returning. It is best for beginners to not try throwing in windy 
"Most have involved people who work with poultry, but there is also some risk to birdwatchers. "
"Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones. "
Most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple. 
"Most of the temples do have an Annual festival starting from November end to Mid of May, which varies according to each temple's annual calendar. "
Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are usually full during the high season). 
Most televisions are made in a way to please the general public. 
"Mr Costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia should pursue its use. "
"Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand's A1GP car, Black Beauty at speeds over 160km/h seven times over the bridge. "
"Mr. Rudd's decision to sign the Kyoto climate accord isolates the United States, which will now be the only developed nation not to ratify the agreement. "
Music is often recorded using sophisticated computers to process and mix sounds together. 
MySpace is the third most popular website used in the United States and has 54 million profiles currently. 
"Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of religious belief and worship by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly those of a peaceful, insightful, blissful, or even ecstatic character. "
"Mysticism is the pursuit of communion with, identity with, or conscious awareness of an ultimate reality, divinity, spiritual truth, or God. "
Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve. 
Nadal's head to head record against the Canadian is 7–2. 
"Nadia, born on September 17, 2007, by Cesarean section at a maternity clinic in Aleisk, Russia, weighed in at a massive 17 pounds 1 ounce. "
"Natural factors can intersect to produce ideal conditions, allowing this algae to increase in number dramatically. "
"Nevertheless, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the standard French numbering system. "
"Nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing. "
News spread in the Red Lake community today as funerals for Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims were held that another student was arrested in connection with the school shootings of March 21. 
Nigeria previously announced it planned to join the AfCFTA in the week leading up to the summit. 
Nitrogen as a gas still has the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is denser but the molecules are still the same. 
No airline alliance covers all three ocean crossings in the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam covers none of the crossings). 
"No major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock. "
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek. 
No one was inside the apartment. 
Northern Rock had required support due to its exposure during the subprime mortgage crisis in 2007. 
Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks. 
"Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain. "
Nowadays air travel is only rarely booked directly through the airline without first searching and comparing prices. 
"Occasional specialist air tours go inland, for mountaineering or to reach the Pole, which has a large base. "
"Of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards. "
"Often, you have to buy a global number separately that allows PSTN phones to call you. Where the number is from makes a difference for people calling you. "
"On June 28, Marshal Italo Balbo, the Governor-General of Libya and apparent heir to Mussolini, was killed by friendly fire while landing in Tobruk. "
"On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or spacewalk, remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes. "
"On Monday, scientists from the Stanford University School of Medicine announced the invention of a new diagnostic tool that can sort cells by type: a tiny printable chip that can be manufactured using standard inkjet printers for possibly about one U.S. cent each. "
"On October 7 an engine separated on takeoff, without injuries. Russia briefly grounded Il-76s after that accident. "
"On September 24, 1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the St James' Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland. "
"On Wednesday, the United States' National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding COVID-19. "
"On night sleeper trains, passports may be collected by the conductor so that you do not have your sleep interrupted. "
"On the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the bellows with more pressure or speed. "
"On the other hand, it is precisely because the volume of water is so high that your viewing of the actual Falls will be obscured—by all the water! "
"One of strong points of Charlotte, North Carolina, is that it has an abundance of high-quality options for families. "
One of the most common problems when trying to convert a movie to DVD format is the overscan. 
"One of the most prominent apps in this category is Google Translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data. "
"One of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window, said survivor Franciszek Kowal. "
"One of the world's richest people, Allen has reportedly invested much of his wealth in marine exploration and began his quest to find the Musashi out of a lifelong interest in the war. "
"Only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly discount the cost of last-minute funeral travel. "
"Only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains). "
"Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured PA sessions. "
"Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover. "
"Other scientists argue that these plants are very poisonous so it is unlikely that any dinosaur ate them, even though today the sloth and other animals like the parrot (a descendant of the dinosaurs) can eat poisonous leaves or fruit. "
"Other skiing events will be at the Taizicheng ski area in Zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 miles) from Beijing. "
"Our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point. "
"Out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin. "
Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom; 
Over 60 cruise ships ply the Galapagos waters - ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers. 
"Over multiple centuries, the Roman empire led to great gains in the field of medicine and formed much of the knowledge we know today. "
"Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the rugged, steep landscape right up to the cliffs that overlook the sea. "
"Part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development. Paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside. "
Participating countries present artistic and educational displays in national pavilions to showcase world issues or their country's culture and history. 
Passengers were given water as they waited in 90(F)-degree heat. 
"People were hitting the panes with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable. "
"People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems and work on scientific tests. "
Perhaps the most common type of tourism is what most people associate with traveling: Recreation tourism. 
"Permits are limited to protect the canyon, and become available on the 1st day of the month, four months prior to the start month. "
Permits must be reserved in advance. You must have a permit to stay overnight at Sirena. 
"Perry specifically said, There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case. "
Personal VPN (virtual private network) providers are an excellent way of circumventing both political censorship and commercial IP-geofiltering. 
"Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia. "
"Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, has died after being involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. "
Phases happen because only the side of Venus (or of the Moon) facing the Sun is lighted. The phases of Venus supported the theory of Copernicus that the planets go around the Sun. 
"Phnom Krom, 12 km southwest of Siem Reap. This hilltop temple was built at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman. "
Photons are even smaller than the stuff that makes up atoms! 
"Piquet Jr. crashed in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix just after an early pit stop for Fernando Alonso, bringing out the safety car. "
Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix. 
Pittman suggested that conditions wouldn't improve until sometime next week. 
Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued Provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network. 
Possible long term health events from excessive drinking can include liver damage and even blindness and death. The potential danger is increased when consuming illegally produced alcohol. 
Present-day parts of Belgium were part of Luxembourg in the past but became Belgian after the 1830s Belgian Revolution. 
"Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance. "
"Proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness. "
Protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the National Congress in November. 
"Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland. "
Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. The electrons have a negative electric charge. 
"Pureland origami is origami with the restriction that only one fold may be done at a time, more complex folds like reverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have straightforward locations. "
RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia. 
Real-time text translator apps – applications that are capable of automatically translating whole segments of text from one language into another. 
"Red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of Karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism. "
"Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part. "
"Registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. In some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities. "
"Residents from other areas often cite family-friendliness as a primary reason for moving there, and visitors often find the city easy to enjoy with children around. "
"Robert Hooke, a biologist from England, saw small squares in cork with a microscope. "
"Roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases. "
"Rules regarding regular photography also apply to video recording, possibly even more so. "
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained. 
"San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities. "
"San Francisco is also one of the best places in the nation for other Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian, and Japanese. "
"Sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served to be the source for many modern Indian languages, just like Latin is the source for European languages like French and Spanish. "
Sanskrit is an ancient language and is comparable to the Latin language spoken in Europe. 
"Schumacher who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times, was due to replace the injured Felipe Massa. "
Scientists are working to create a reactor that can make energy in the same way. 
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict that Danielle will strengthen to a hurricane by Wednesday. 
"Scientists call this process stimulated emission of radiation because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation. "
Scientists have discovered landforms littered across the moon's surface called lobate scarps that have apparently resulted from the moon's shrinking very slowly. 
Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring. 
"Seeing the sites and wildlife of the Galapagos is best done by boat, just as Charles Darwin did it in 1835. "
Setting up a tent on private property or in a town of any size can easily attract unwanted attention. 
"Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2,243. "
"Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere. "
She gained critical acclaim during her time in Atlanta and was recognized for innovative urban education. 
"She said, There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently. "
"Shortly after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report showing problems with test results. "
Sikhism is a religion from the Indian sub-continent. It originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century from a sectarian split within the Hindu tradition. 
"Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for way of the guru. The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs. "
Sikhs consider their faith to be a separate religion from Hinduism though they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions. 
"Similarly, a British traveller in Spain may mistake a wave goodbye involving the palm facing the waver (rather than the person being waved at) as a gesture to come back. "
"Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed Political Agents to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas. "
"Since its inception, The Onion has become a veritable news parody empire, with a print edition, a website that drew 5,000,000 unique visitors in the month of October, personal ads, a 24 hour news network, podcasts, and a recently launched world atlas called Our Dumb World. "
"Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club. "
"Since then, China's economic size has grown by 90 times. "
"Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals. "
Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group had a bid for the bank rejected prior to the bank’s nationalisation. 
"Sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory lodging and hot meals in addition to camping. La Leona, San Pedrillo, and Los Patos offer only camping with no food service. "
"So if you were standing by the shoreline, you would be able to see down to whatever pebbles or gunk that was on the bottom. "
So many of us find ourselves watching a television show that informs us of a process or experience in which we will never participate or apply that knowledge. 
"Some German monks wanted to bring God closer to the native people, so they invented the Estonian literal language. "
"Some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole. "
Some countries have exceedingly draconian punishments even for first time offenses; these can include prison sentences of over 10 years or death. 
"Some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season. "
"Some hotels have a heritage from the golden age of steam railways and ocean liners; before the Second World War, in the 19th or early 20th centuries. "
"Some medium-format film cameras use a 6 by 6 cm format, more precisely a 56 by 56 mm negative. "
Some of the applications in this category can even translate texts in foreign languages on signs or other objects in the real world when the user points the smartphone towards those objects. 
Some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning. 
"Some of the rocks, which are very rare on Earth, are being sold from US$11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times more than the cost of gold. "
Some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting. 
"Some scientists think Triceratops ate cycads, which are a type of plant that was common in the Cretaceous. "
"Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted. "
"Sometimes the original trigging event is the sun warming the snow, sometimes some more snowfall, sometimes other natural events, often a human. "
Sometimes the same flight can have vastly differing prices at various agregators and it pays to compare search results and to also look at the website of the airline itself before booking. 
"Sophisticated animations can be constructed on computers, and this kind of animation is increasingly being used in television and films. "
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature. 
"Space for the most popular areas, such as the Bright Angel Campground adjacent to Phantom Ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations. "
"Squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the Olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the Olympic Games in 2005. "
"Stardust will set a new all-time record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May of 1969 during the return of the Apollo X command module. "
Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position. 
Stars give off light and heat because of the energy made when hydrogen atoms are merged (or fused) together to form heavier elements. 
"Stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood in his role as chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. "
"Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth, and Harvick round out the top-ten positions for the Drivers' Championship with four races remaining in the season. "
"Stone steps are laid along most of the path, and in the steeper sections steel cables provide a supporting handrail. "
Student visas generally have different requirements and application procedures from normal tourist or business visas. 
"Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting until the next face-to-face meeting. "
"Submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time. "
Submarines were used in World War I and World War II. Back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range. 
"Such success stories lessened the fears of change, while creating positive inclinations toward change in the future. "
Surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them. 
Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds. 
"Take a look at what trips the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a shop window. "
"Taxis are not generally used by families in Charlotte, though they can be of some use in certain circumstances. "
"Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo–Soyuz mission symbolizing that the Space Race was over. "
"Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that OHA police are also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam. "
"Thanks to undersea fiber optic cable links to Europe and broadband satellite, Greenland is well connected with 93% of the population having internet access. "
"That means everything has to be put back, said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw. "
"That means we are able to successfully predict what other humans perceive, intend, believe, know or desire. "
"That said, expect to be out of breath, and take care in the steeper portions, especially when wet, as it can become dangerous quickly. "
"The typical visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home. "
The 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual fertiliser cargo and initially officials feared the vessel could spill a load. 
"The 30-year-old husband, who was born in Buffalo, was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not hurt. "
"The ACMA also found that despite the video being streamed on the Internet, Big Brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on Big Brother's website. "
The American plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions. 
The Angkor Pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to Tonle Sap. 
The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix. 
"The Broadcasting Services Act provides for the regulation of Internet content, however to be considered Internet content, it must physically reside on a server. "
The Canal District (Dutch: Grachtengordel) is the famous 17th-century district surrounding the Binnenstad of Amsterdam. 
"The Colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements. "
"The Cook Islands are an island country in free association with New Zealand, located in Polynesia, in the middle of the South Pacific Ocean. "
The Cook Islands do not have any cities but are composed of 15 different islands. The main ones are Rarotonga and Aitutaki. 
"The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti "
The Drukgyal Dzong is a ruined fortress and Buddhist monastery in the upper part of the Paro District (in Phondey Village). 
"The Global Running Tours successor, Go Running Tours networks dozens of sightrunning providers on four continents. "
"The Greek historian Strabo later noted the name, which is how we know today. The temple was destroyed on the same night that Alexander the Great was born. "
"The Health Minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect. "
The Icelandic Meteorological Office also reported no earthquake activity in the Hekla area in the past 48 hours. 
"The Il-76 has been a major component of both the Russian and Soviet military since the 1970s, and had already seen a serious accident in Russia last month. "
The Indus Valley Civilization was a Bronze Age civilisation in the northwest Indian subcontinent encompassing most of modern-day Pakistan and some regions in northwest India and northeast Afghanistan. 
"The International Olympic Committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in Berlin today. Rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the Olympics. "
The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation. 
"The JAS 39C Gripen crashed onto a runway at around 9:30 am local time (0230 UTC) and exploded, closing the airport to commercial flights. "
The Luno had 120–160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater. 
"The Mapuche were also one of the last independent American indigenous groups, that were not fully absorbed into Spanish-speaking rule until after Chile's independence. "
"The Mumbai attackers arrived via boat on Novemeber 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and hit multiple targets including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel. "
The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus. 
"The National Congress of Brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul. "
The Nervous System maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses through out the body to keep the flow of blood going as well as undisturbed. 
"The New Zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast Mr Reid was going because of how low Black Beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock Mr Reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h. "
The Northern Rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the UK Government. 
"The PBS show has more than two-dozen Emmy awards, and its run is shorter only than Sesame Street and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood. "
The Park Service (MINAE) does not issue park permits more than one month in advance of anticipated arrival. 
"The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya. "
The South Pole Traverse (or Highway) is a 1600 km trail from McMurdo Station on the Ross Sea to the Pole. 
"The Sun doesn't have a crust like the Earth that you can stand on. The whole Sun is made out of gases, fire, and plasma. "
The Thais invaded Cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772 they destroyed Phnom Phen. 
"The Twin Otter had been trying to land at Kokoda yesterday as Airlines PNG Flight CG4684, but had aborted once already. "
The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up prominent landmarks in Ethiopia and Kenya. 
The US Navy also said they were investigating the incident. 
The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior. 
"The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that extremists from Somalia are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia. "
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power. 
"The White Sea–Baltic Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes. "
The actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning. 
"The advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain. "
The aircraft had been headed to Irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops. 
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish. 
"The amount and thickness of the pack ice, according to Pittman, is the worst it has been for sealers in the past 15 years. "
The ancient city in the Judean Hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years. 
"The approach to obtaining information was different. No longer did pressure reside within individual recall, but the ability to recall text became more of a focus. "
The artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis. 
The atom can be considered to be one of the fundamental building blocks of all matter. 
The attack put a huge strain on relations between India and Pakistan. 
The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states. 
"The band canceled the show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans. "
"The band's management company, HK Management Inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on September 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day. "
"The believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties. "
"The blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. The two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted. "
The building housed a number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city at the eve of hajj pilgrimage. 
The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd. 
"The capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute. "
The capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky. 
"The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider AOL, the company who instigated the charges. "
The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer. 
The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil. 
"The cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells. "
"The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the hand's use for bearing weight in knuckle walking. "
"The city is holy to the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and serves as a spiritual, religious, and cultural center. "
"The city of Beijing in China will be the host city of the Olympic Winter Games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter Olympics. "
"The city will be the first in southeastern Europe to host CowParade, the world's largest public art event, between June and August this year. "
The civilisation flourished in the basins of the Indus River wherefore it derives its name. 
The clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place. 
"The colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday. "
"The comments, live on television, were the first time that senior Iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect. "
"The commissioner said, We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020. "
"The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked. "
"The company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil. "
"The concept was that all European nations had to seek to prevent one nation from becoming powerful, and thus national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance. "
"The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as a trap dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself. "
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives. 
The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors. 
"The death toll is at least 15, a figure which is expected to rise. "
"The different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally. "
The disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the focal complexity and number of lens elements required to achieve a range of focal lengths is much greater than for prime lenses. 
The documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations. 
"The earliest known book in the world was written in Sanskrit. After the compilation of Upanishads, Sanskrit just faded due to hierarchy. "
The easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website. 
The effect is dependent on how often your brain attempts to lucidly dream per night. 
"The fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer in it, but have been removed to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. "
"The failure of the second sentence, which proposes to ban same-sex civil unions, could possibly open the door for civil unions in the future. "
"The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos have been imprisoned in the Athens' jail of Korydallus, as they were found guilty of graft and corruption. "
The first economic reforms were made under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping. 
"The focus of this mindset is speed, logic and accuracy, also identification of facts, reapplying existing techniques, gathering information. "
"The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces. "
"The game is played on grass, and the grass around the hole is mown shorter and called the green. "
The game publisher Konami stated today in a Japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah. 
The gas becomes thinner as you go farther from the center of the Sun. 
"The glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. This will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges. "
The gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the Tonle Sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile. 
"The governor also stated, Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient. "
The hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner. 
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial. 
The hostel's guests were mostly citizens of the United Arab Emirates. 
"The human hand is shorter than the foot, with straighter phalanges. "
"The invention of spoke wheels made Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots. "
"The island was first inhabited by the Taínos and Caribes. The Caribes were an Arawakan-speaking people who had arrived around 10,000 BCE. "
The issue started on January 1st when dozens of local residents started complaining to the Obanazawa Post Office that they hadn't received their traditional and regular New Year cards. 
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over. 
The judge told Blake it was almost inevitable he was going to be sent to jail. 
"The largest employment sectors are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism. "
The light bulb then needs replacing. It is necessary to be careful in replacing the light bulb. 
"The main assault force of 2,400 men would cross the river nine miles north of Trenton, and then split into two groups, one under Greene and one under Sullivan, in order to launch a pre-dawn attack. "
The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between REM states. 
"The major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood. "
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd. 
"The man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast. "
"The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to prevent piracy. "
The militaristic nature of the Roman empire aided in the development of medical advances. 
"The modern sport of fencing is played at many levels, from students learning at a university to professional and Olympic competition. "
"The most common cause for accidents in winter is slippery roads, pavements (sidewalks) and especially steps. "
"The most important factor of this mindset is: there is only one correct answer. You only think of two answers, namely right or wrong. "
"The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a Greenlander, in Greenland. "
"The next picture shows the atoms emitting photons. Of course, in reality photons are a lot smaller than those in the picture. "
The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons. 
The number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted. 
The number of users of the Yahoo! and Microsoft services combined will rival the number of AOL's customers. 
"The old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character. "
"The original bill was drafted by former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson. "
"The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means ball of light. "
"The pattern should be deep enough, 5 mm (1/5 inch) or more, and the material soft enough in cold temperatures. "
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. 
"The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot. "
"The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins. "
The postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. There is no one good way to learn. 
"The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as beneficial. "
"The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people. "
"The president's condition is stable, though he will be isolated at home for several days. "
"The problem is that snow is sticky, so it needs some triggering to come down, and some snow coming down can be the triggering event for the rest. "
The proposed amendment already passed both houses in 2011. 
"The protest started around 11:00 local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall opposite the police-guarded entrance to Downing Street, the Prime Minister's official residence. "
The religion was founded in the 15th century by Guru Nanak (1469–1539). There followed in succession a further nine gurus. 
"The report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings. "
The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing. 
"The setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool. "
The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the O to read lowercase e. 
The significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera. 
"The sport is primarily played in a duel format, one fencer dueling another. "
"The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission, until the end of the spacewalk. "
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension. 
"The storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph). "
"The storm, situated about 645 miles (1040 km) west of the Cape Verde islands, is likely to dissipate before threatening any land areas, forecasters say. "
"The study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers. "
"The temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on July 21, 356 BCE in an act of arson committed by Herostratus. "
"The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) long and 800 km (500 mi) wide, with a roughly rectangular shape. "
"The theory then established the idea that the Maori people migrated from Polynesia in a Great Fleet and took New Zealand from the Moriori, establishing an agricultural society. "
The tourist season for the hill stations generally peaks during the Indian summer. 
"The town lies immediately next to the falls, and they are the major attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and sightseers plenty of opportunities for a longer stay. "
"The traditional medieval castle has long inspired the imagination, conjuring up images of jousts, banquets and Arthurian chivalry. "
"The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and more seldom gibberish), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong. "
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3. 
The two sides would meet in the major semi final where Noosa ran out winners by 11 points. 
The typhoon is estimated to be moving toward China at eleven kph. 
"The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its Moon Impact Probe (MIP), which hurtled across the surface of the Moon at 1.5 kilometres per second (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the Moon's south pole. "
The use of the Internet and the World Wide Web allows learners to have access to information at all times. 
"The valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons). "
"The varieties of French which are spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible. "
The very long days in the summer can lead to problems getting sufficient sleep and associated health issues. 
The vote must still be ratified by the full IOC at it's October meeting in Copenhagen. 
The walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed. 
The water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water. 
"The whole district is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its unique cultural and historical value, and its property values are among the highest of the country. "
"The world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers. "
Then Whirling Dervishes took to the stage. 
"Then, a few years later in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus. "
"There are a limited number permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis. "
"There are a number of restaurants surrounding the garden, and in the afternoons and evening there free concerts are often given from the central gazebo. "
"There are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of going to Disney World. "
"There are many different constructions of eyes, ranging in complexity depending on the requirements of the organism. "
There are many different film formats that have been used over the years. Standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest. 
There are many theories to how Sanskrit came into existence. One of them is about an Aryan migration from the west into India who brought their language with them. 
There are many things you have to take into consideration before and when you travel somewhere. 
"There are positive aspects to these websites, which include, being able to easily setup a class page which can include blogs, videos, photos, and other features. "
There are varying estimates for how many people speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world. 
"There is a surcharge for having more than 2 passengers, so this option might be more expensive than necessary. "
"There is also no requirement that you obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can obtain a satellite Internet connection in the wilds of Chicken, Alaska and select a number which claims you're in sunny Arizona. "
There is concern that patients may continue to infect more people by going through their daily routines if the flu symptoms remain mild. 
There was also another tribe on the Chatham islands these were Maori who migrated away from New Zealand. 
"There were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route. "
"There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned. "
"There's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze. "
These agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services under Article 247 of the Pakistani Constitution. 
These aren't very nimble so the trail has to take a long swerve around the Transantarctic Mountains to come onto the plateau. 
These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992. 
"These can be dangerous if the traveler pursue the mirage, wasting precious energy and remaining water. "
"These children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods. "
"These events normally last anywhere between three and six months, and are held on sites no smaller than 50 hectares. "
"These hotels were where the rich and the famous of the day would stay, and often had fine dining and nightlife. "
These monster storms have winds up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph). 
These nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat. 
"These plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves. "
"These plateaus are often referred to as vidde meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse. "
These requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries. 
These requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit. 
"These scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent. "
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger. 
"These websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting. "
"They also said in a statement, The crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship. "
They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List. 
"They are separate from lingua francas, which are natural or organic languages that become dominant for one reason or another as means of communication between speakers of other languages. "
"They are superior to web proxies for several reasons: They re-route all Internet traffic, not only http. "
They became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow. 
"They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become tornadoes when they touch the ground. "
"They called themselves the Moriori there were a few skirmishes and in the end, the Moriori were wiped out "
They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a photon. 
"They generate high winds (often 100-200 miles/hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves. "
"They include financial restrictions and a ban by the European Union on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income. "
They looked like rooms. He was the first person to observe dead cells 
They need to show the insurer's e-mail address and international phone numbers for advice/authorizations and making claims. 
They normally offer higher bandwidth and better quality of service. They are encrypted and thus harder to spy on. 
"They're regaling each other with stories from their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local argot. "
"Things did not go well for the Italians in North Africa almost from the start. Within a week of Italy's declaration of war on June 10, 1940, the British 11th Hussars had seized Fort Capuzzo in Libya. "
"This authentic community is located in Howe Sound just off Vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing Granville Island in downtown Vancouver. "
This can be done in a normal car with careful planning but a 4x4 is highly advised and many locations are only accessible with a high wheel base 4x4. 
"This causes the skater to turn. If the skates tilt to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates tilt to the left, the skater turns left. "
"This contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution. "
"This fleet was led by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian with ambitions to reclaim his country from Danish domination. "
This flight is not the only option if you want to skip the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below) 
"This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor. "
This gives resolution almost four times that of a 35 mm negative (3136 mm2 versus 864). 
This has allowed zoom lenses to produce pictures of a quality comparable to that achieved by lenses with fixed focal length. 
"This includes waiting in line, as drug-sniffing dogs could be used at any time without notice. "
This is because electricity flowing into the socket where the metallic part of bulb sits can give you a severe electric shock if you touch the inside of the socket or the metal base of the bulb while it is still partly in the socket. 
This is becoming less of an issue as lens manufacturers achieve higher standards in lens production. 
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth. 
This is just as exhausting as if you were to wake up every twenty or thirty minutes and watch TV. 
This is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen. That is called overscan. 
"This is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things. "
"This is the first time a conviction has been gained using the legislation enacted in 2003 to curb bulk e-mail, aka spam, from unsolicited distribution into users mailboxes. "
This is when people go to a place that is very different from their regular day-to-day life to relax and have fun. 
"This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and comply with certain requirements. "
This makes inexpensive zoom lenses hard to use in low-light conditions without a flash. 
"This marked an important change, as European powers would no longer have the pretext of being religious wars. Thus, the Thirty Years' War would be the last war to be labeled a religious war. "
This might require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices. 
"This page can easily be accessed by providing just one web address, which makes it easy to remember and easy to type in for students who may have trouble using the keyboard or with spelling. "
This theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity. 
This type of thinking is associated with certain science or standard procedures. 
"This way, you will tire yourself out as little as possible. Remember there's no need to hit the keys with a lot of force for extra volume like on the piano. "
This will ensure that your particular interests and/or constraints are matched with the ship most suitable to them. 
"This, however, is a very hard problem to solve and will take many years before we see useful fusion reactors built. "
Those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement. 
"Though smaller, it reminds some elderly visitors of Hawaii before statehood without all the large tourist hotels and other development. "
"Thus the scourges of Delhi Belly, the Pharaoh's Curse, Montezuma's Revenge, and their many friends. "
"Thus, a backcountry permit for any start date in May becomes available on 1 Jan. "
"Time has been studied by religious, philosophical, and scientific scholars for thousands of years. "
Time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events. 
"Time is something that is all around us, and affects everything we do, yet is difficult to understand. "
"To Check the victim, you must first survey the scene to ensure your safety. "
"To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show Troy. "
"To return to their previous energy level, they must get rid of the extra energy they got from the light. "
Today's Player of the Day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals. 
Today's announcement also extended the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund extra carriages. 
"Tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 may be the most famous of the tombs in the Valley, the scene of Howard Carter's 1922 discovery of the almost intact royal burial of the young king. "
"Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path. "
"Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours. "
"Tourist visits are costly, demand physical fitness, can only take place in summer Nov-Feb, and are largely limited to the Peninsula, Islands and Ross Sea. "
Tourists may visit different landmarks of a particular country or they may simply opt to focus on just one area. 
"Tours are cheaper for larger groups, so if you're by yourself or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six for a better per-person rate. "
"Towering above the north end of Machu Picchu is this steep mountain, often the backdrop to many photos of the ruins. "
"Traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school. "
"Travel agencies have been around since the 19th century. A travel agent is usually a good option for a journey which extends beyond a traveller's previous experience of nature, culture, language or low-income countries. "
Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage for many American families. 
"Troops reinforcing the forward positions included the 1st and 3rd New Hampshire regiments of 200 men, under Colonels John Stark and James Reed (both later became generals). "
"Tropical Storm Danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean. "
Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone. 
"Turkey is encircled by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. "
"Turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of Metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined. "
"Turkey's area, including lakes, occupies 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) are in south west Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) in Europe. "
Turkish Airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 African countries as of 2014. 
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with the Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou. 
Two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight. 
"Two thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture. "
"Typical for Norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau. "
"Typical for the period, Kirby Muxloe Castle is more of a fortified house than a true castle. "
Unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats. 
"Unfortunately, when you make a DVD, it's borders will most likely be cut too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom, they won't be fully shown. "
"Unless you are a diplomat, working overseas generally means that you will have to file income tax in the country you are based in. "
"Unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations. "
"Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees. "
"Until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the IM market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the United States. "
Unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti. 
Using GPS navigation apps on your smartphone can be the easiest and most convenient way to navigate when out of your home country. 
Vautier's achievements outside of directing include a hunger strike in 1973 against what he viewed as political censorship. 
"Victoria Falls is a town in the western portion of Zimbabwe, across the border from Livingstone, Zambia, and near Botswana. "
"Vikings used the Russian waterways to get to the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. Parts of these routes can still be used. Check possible need for special permits, which may be difficult to get. "
"Virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of Northern Rock, not the asset management company. "
Visa requirements and costs vary from nation to nation and are affected by the country you come from. 
"Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes. "
Visitors with limited time would be best to spend their time elsewhere. 
Volunteering while travelling is a great way to make a difference but it's not just about giving. 
Water is another example. The compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. 
We experience time as a series of events passing from the future through the present to the past. 
"We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover. "
"We know many Greek politicians, scientists, and artists. Possibly the most known person of this culture is Homer, the legendary blind poet, who composed two masterpieces of Greek literature: the poems Iliad and Odyssey. "
"We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house. "
"What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word cella, meaning small room, and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork. "
When all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic. 
"When asked what the father said, she answered He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking. "
"When low tide opened a gap along the Mystic River along the northeast of the peninsula, they quickly extended the fence with a short stone wall to the north ending at the water's edge on a small beach. "
"When people don't see moose as potentially dangerous, they may approach too closely and put themselves at risk. "
"When the capsule gets to Earth and enters the atmosphere, at about 5am (eastern time), it is expected to put on quite a light show for folks in Northern California, Oregon, Nevada, and Utah. "
When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic. 
"When the official arrived, the apartment exploded. "
"When the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town. "
"When you travel, expect things not to be like they are back home. Manners, laws, food, traffic, lodging, standards, language and so on will to some extent differ from where you live. "
"When you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special. "
"While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified. "
"While assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization. "
"While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportaion Authority made the closure with the urging of the FBI. "
"While immigration check is usually absent or a formality when you arrive in your homeland, customs control can be a hassle. "
"While it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint. "
"While listening to individuals share their individual, family, and organizational stories, we gained valuable insight into the past and some of the personalities who influenced for good or ill the culture of the organization. "
"While most cards are good for calling anywhere, some specialise in providing favourable call rates to specific groups of countries. "
"While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer Xavier Zayat. "
"While they are usually privately owned, they sometimes accommodate visiting heads of state and other dignitaries. "
"While this is a very common activity, it is prohibited by Disney: the tickets are non-transferable. "
"While understanding one’s history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization. "
"While you may hear the word used by Greenlandic Natives, its use should be avoided by foreigners. "
"While you may not need a visa for short visits to certain countries as a tourist or for business, going there as an international student generally requires a longer stay than going there just as a casual tourist. "
Whistler (1.5 hour drive from Vancouver) is expensive but well-known because of the 2010 Winter Olympics. 
"Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. The environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile. "
"Wildlife is among the most challenging motifs for a photographer, and needs a combination of good luck, patience, experience and good equipment. "
"Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but like photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words. "
"Wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens, though things like a flock of birds or a tiny creature need other lenses. "
"With Armenian backing, a new republic was created. However, no established nation - not even Armenia - officially recognizes it. "
"With fewer REMs per night, this state in which you experience actual sleep and your body recovers becomes infrequent enough to become a problem. "
"With roots in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague based in Prague and others. "
"With the battle for France over, Germany began to get ready to invade the island of Britain. "
"With the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity. "
"With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as Hawaii down under. "
"With this arrangement in place, this freedom might end. "
"Within a few short years following the arrival of European explorers, the population of Tainos had significantly been reduced by the Spanish conquerors "
"Written words are often easier to understand than spoken words, also. This is especially true of addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce intelligibly. "
"Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as King Tut or The Boy King, is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times. "
"Yesterday, the post office released their apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year postcards, which weren't delivered to their intended recipients. "
You are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the Falls. 
You can mark the passing of time yourself by observing the repetition of a cyclical event. A cyclical event is something that happens again and again regularly. 
"You could find yourself being used as a drug carrier without your knowledge, which will land you in a great deal of trouble. "
You need to notice the victim's position as you approach him or her and any automatic red flags. 
You should choose your Frequent Flyer airline in an alliance carefully. 
"Your hotel or hosts (if staying in a guesthouse or private home) will likely have wifi or an internet connected PC, and all settlements have an internet cafe or some location with public wifi. "
Your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. A round/onward trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay. 
Zayat was unhurt in the accident. 
"his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that milestone. "
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine. 
"It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah, Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said. "
"Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting. "
"Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence. "
"If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy Mr Costello said. "
"It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible, said a government spokesperson. "
It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is. 
"Luckily nothing happened to me, but I saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out. "
"Panama Papers is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016. "
Some may not agree but I don't care. 
"Thanks for those who supported a convict like me, Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference. "
The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority. 
"We were all simply in shock, the mother stated. "
"2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion. "
21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City last year in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million. 
"250 years later, Guinness has grown to a global business that turns over 10 billion euros (US$14.7 billion) every year. "
"28-year-old Vidal had joined Barça three seasons ago, from Sevilla. "
"800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System were closed down following a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska. "
A Hangi Meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground. 
A Triceratops could have used its strong beak to strip off the leaves before eating the trunk. 
"A World's Fair (commonly called World Exposition, or simply Expo) is large international festival of arts and sciences. "
"A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle had not yet been invented, so the Assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses. "
A cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living (things) organism. 
A change was made this legislative session when the second sentence was deleted first by the House of Representatives and then was passed in a similar form by the Senate Monday. 
A contagious disease is a disease which is easily transmitted by being in the vicinity of an infected person. 
A couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter. 
"A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show Zoungla in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption. "
"A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said. "
"A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.' "
A hospitality exchange network is the organization that connects travelers with locals in the cities they are going to visit. 
"A hostel collapsed in Mecca, the holy city of Islam at about 10 o'clock this morning local time. "
"A listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers. "
"A person who weighs 200 pounds (90kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16kg) on Io. So the gravity, of course, pulls less on you. "
A population is the collection of organisms of a particular species within a given geographic area. 
A power failure following a routine fire-command system test caused relief valves to open and crude oil overflowed near the Fort Greely pump station 9. 
"A tornado is a spinning column of very low-pressure air, which sucks the surrounding air inward and upward. "
"A traveller with piles of money might consider a round the world flight, broken up with stays in many of these hotels. "
A triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots. 
A visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the lake. 
ADD affects relationships with other peers because other children can not understand why they act the way that they do or why they spell they way they do or that their maturity level is different. 
AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join. 
About ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared. 
"About three thousand years later, in 1610, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does. "
Access to these services is often through a toll-free telephone number that can be called from most phones without charge. 
"Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety. "
"According to Ansa, police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession. "
"According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak. "
"According to the story, his motivation was fame at any cost. The Ephesians, outraged, announced that Herostratus' name never be recorded. "
"Accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed. "
After hundreds of hours of operation the filament in the bulb eventually burns out and the light bulb no longer works. 
"After initial military setbacks, Ethelred was able to agree to terms with Olaf, who returned to Norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success. "
"After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam. "
"After the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of Bhutan's most sensational attractions. "
"After the match, King of Clay said, I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this. "
"After you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website. "
"Airlines such as Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways & Turkish Airlines have greatly expanded their services to Africa, and offer connections to many major African cities at competitive rates than other European airlines. "
"Airlines that offer these include Air Canada, Delta Air Lines, Lufthansa for flights originating from the U.S. or Canada, and WestJet. "
Al Gore and General Tommy Franks casually rattle off their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion reported he and Tipper were having the best sex of their lives after his 2000 Electoral College defeat). 
"Alexander, as king, offered to pay to rebuild the temple, but his offer was denied. Later, after Alexander died, the temple was rebuilt in 323 BCE. "
"Already reporting in English and Japanese, the global organization is launching Spanish, Italian, and Korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices. "
Also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help. 
"Also, in warmer climates bacteria both grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body. "
"Although Chile declared independence in 1810 (amid the Napoleonic wars that left Spain without a functioning central government for a couple of years), decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818. "
"Although in the end, Krushchev sent in tanks to restore order, he did give way to some economic demands and agreed to appoint the popular Wladyslaw Gomulka as the new prime minister. "
"Although in theory they can take place annually (so long as they are in different countries), in practice they are not. "
"Although its physical state may change, its chemical state remains the same. "
"Although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations. "
"Although some scholars speculate that since the civilisation also existed in the basins of the now dried up Sarasvati River, it should be aptly called the Indus-Sarasvati Civilization, while some call it the Harappan Civilization after Harappa, the first of its sites to be excavated in the 1920s. "
"Although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance. "
"Among these abilities, understanding the intention of others is crucial. It allows us to resolve possible ambiguities of physical actions. "
"An Avenger class mine countermeasures ship, the ship was on its way to Puerto Princesa in Palawan. "
"An additional 300 brings the total to 1,300 carriages to be acquired to relieve overcrowding. "
"An immigration checkpoint is usually the first stop when disembarking from a plane, a ship, or another vehicle. "
"An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, where the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry. "
"An infectious disease is one that is caused by a pathogen, such as a virus, bacterium, fungus or other parasites. "
An inquiry was established to investigate. 
An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak. 
"And then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the Mara river, after the rains in around April. "
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs. 
"Animals are found all over the earth. They dig in the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky. "
Animals are made of many cells. They eat things and digest them inside. Most animals can move. 
Another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower. 
"Another famous Greek is a mathematician Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles. "
"Another secondary containment area below the tanks capable of holding 104,500 barrels was not yet filled to capacity. "
"Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole. "
Any camping below the rim in Grand Canyon requires a backcountry permit. 
"Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride. "
Anyone interested in seeing evidence of the damage to the mummy done during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible. 
Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the device by walking onto the stage and taking the iPhone out of his jeans pocket. 
Architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right. 
"Architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design. "
"Arias tested positive for a mild case of the virus, Presidential Minister Rodrigo Arias said. "
Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well. 
"Around 11:29, the protest moved up Whitehall, past Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, passing by Aldwych and up Kingsway towards Holborn where the Conservative Party were holding their Spring Forum in the Grand Connaught Rooms hotel. "
"Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany. "
"Arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. About 1000 B.C., the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry. "
"As a result of this, a big scandal within the Greek legal community has been raised through the exposure of illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and attorneys have done during the previous years. "
"As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination. "
"As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth, added Stofan. "
"As mentioned above, though the word Eskimo remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada. "
"As of Wednesday afternoon, the tank vents were still leaking probably from thermal expansion inside the tank. "
"As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian. "
As the ability to obtain knowledge and to learn changed in such a way as mentioned above the base rate at which knowledge was obtained changed. 
"As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory. "
"As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean. "
"As time passed, many words that were borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment. "
"As well as a former Olympic and World champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death. "
"As with respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in hot climates are fairly common and in most cases are distinctly annoying but not really dangerous. "
Asynchronous communication encourages time for reflection and reaction to others. 
"At 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up. "
"At 1:15 a.m. Saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it. "
"At a minimum, you need footwear with suitable soles. Summer shoes are usually very slippery on ice and snow, even some winter boots are deficient. "
"At exactly 8:46 a.m. a hush fell across the city, marking the exact moment the first jet struck its target. "
"At home, due to this constant exposure to the local germs, odds are very high that you're already immune to them. "
"At its peak, Tropical Cyclone Gonu, named for a bag of palm leaves in the language of the Maldives, reached sustained winds of 240 kilometers an hour (149 miles per hour) . "
"At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year. "
"At the edge of glaciers huge blocks break loose, fall down and perhaps jump or roll farther from the edge. "
"At the time of the award, Atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores. "
"At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area. "
"At the top end, B&Bs obviously compete mainly on two main things: bedding and breakfast. "
Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits. 
"Attention Deficit Disorder is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy. "
"Australia's former conservative government refused to ratify Kyoto, saying it would damage the economy with its heavy reliance on coal exports, while countries like India and China were not bound by emissions targets. "
Authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest. 
Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created with the intent of facilitating communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating. 
"Avalanches are not an abnormality; steep slopes can hold only so much slow, and the excess volumes will come down as avalanches. "
"Based on Fray Bartolomé de las Casas (Tratado de las Indias) between 1492 and 1498 the Spanish conquerors killed around 100,000 Taínos. "
"Basically you'll be putting up notices offering your help, pacing the docks, approaching people cleaning their yachts, trying to make contact with sailors in the bar, etc. "
"Basically, they fall into two categories: Either work while you travel or try and limit your expenses. This article is focused on the latter. "
Batten was ranked 190th on the 2008 400 Richest Americans list with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion. 
Be assured that once you hit the marinas everything will be pretty obvious. You will meet other boat hitchhikers and they will share their information with you. 
Be sure the agent through whom you book is a Galapagos specialist with a good knowledge of a wide variety of ships. 
"Beaches, theme parks and camp grounds are often the most common places frequented by recreational tourists. "
"Because calls are routed over the Internet, you do not need to use a phone company located where you live or where you travel. "
"Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them. "
"Because the bottom of the blade is slightly curved, as the blade tilts to one side or the other, the edge which is in contact with the ice also curves. "
"Before the Spanish arrived in the 16th century, northern Chile was under Inca rule while the indigenous Araucanians (Mapuche) inhabited central and southern Chile. "
Beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies and the indoor ice events. 
"Besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the Indian national flag, painted on all sides. "
"Besides white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country is home to the oldest European city in the Americas, now part of Santo Domingo. "
Beware: small-town bars here are not always good places for the out-of-state visitor to hang out. 
"Bird flu, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals. "
Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice. 
Blood goes away from the heart in tubes called arteries and comes back to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries. 
Boomerang throwing is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire. 
"Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident green card. "
"Born in the Croatian capital, Zagreb, Bobek gained fame while playing for Partizan Belgrade. "
Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games. 
"Bowen Island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more. "
"Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country. "
Breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish. 
British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this. 
"But in other parts of the world, where the bacteriological fauna are new to you, you're far more likely to run into problems. "
But is our imagination based on reality? Why were castles built in the first place? How were they designed and built? 
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel. 
"But, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. The stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are neighbors. "
"Buying food in supermarkets is usually the cheapest way to get fed. Without cooking opportunities, choices are however limited to ready-made food. "
"By early today, winds were around 83 km/h, and it was expect to keep weakening. "
"CafeNet El Sol offers a reservation service for a fee of US$30, or $10 for one-day passes; details on their Corcovado page. "
Callejon del Beso (Alley of the Kiss). Two balconies separated by only 69 centimeters is home of an old love legend. 
"Canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water. "
"Canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example). "
"Car camping is possible if you have a large minivan, SUV, Sedan or Station Wagon with seats that lay down. "
"Carrying for others - Never let your bags out of your sight, especially when you are crossing international borders. "
Cell comes from the Latin word cella which means small room. 
"Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as the building blocks of life. "
Charles was the first member of the British Royal Family to be awarded a degree. 
"Check with the institution, as well as the immigration department for the country you wish to study in for detailed requirements. "
Chiao and Sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters. 
Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior. 
"Children with ADD have a hard time focusing on things like school work, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy doing like playing games or watching their favorite cartoons or writing sentences without punctuation. "
China's GDP could be larger than the United States within two decades. 
"Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism. "
"Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso located in the Italian region of Liguria. "
"Coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region. "
Cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face. 
"Compared to most of the other royal tombs, however, the tomb of Tutankhamun is barely worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration. "
Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos. 
"Consider getting an eye exam at home, especially if insurance covers it, and bringing the prescription along to be filed elsewhere. "
"Construction is ongoing for five new skyscrapers at the site, with a transportation center and memorial park in the middle. "
Convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution. 
Couchsurfing was founded in January 2004 after computer programmer Casey Fenton found a cheap flight to Iceland but did not have a place to stay. 
"Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no rough areas. "
Cuban citizens who are US green card holders should visit an Ecuadorian Consulate to obtain an exemption to this requirement. 
Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain. 
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe. 
David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba. 
Day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day. 
Despite his comments he said he will be supporting the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics being held in London. 
"Despite these accusations, Ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the Chinese mainland. "
Diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan. 
Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary. 
Do not sleep on a mattress or pad on the ground in areas where you do not know the local fauna. 
Doctors began to be recruited by Emperor Augustus and even formed the first Roman Medical Corps for use in the aftermath of battles. 
"Don't forget to add in the extra costs of additional visas, departure taxes, ground transportation, etc. for all those places outside of Africa. "
Dr. Lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in Turkey have now become infected with the A(H5N1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill. 
"Drink alcoholic drinks with moderation. Alcohol affects everyone differently, and knowing your limit is very important. "
"Due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the Old City area, Jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in Israel. "
Dump trucks were used to block tube entrances and assistance of 80 police were on hand to direct motorists to detours. 
"During his 2 hour speech he stated that Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today. "
"During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances. "
"During the 18th century Cambodia found itself squeezed between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam. "
"During the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy. "
"During the summer, also watch out for the Nordic mosquitoes. Although they do not transmit any diseases, they can be irritating. "
Each country also has unique laws requiring what emergency items need to be in the car. 
Each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories. 
Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days. 
Each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library. 
"Early in the nation's independence, Singapore Botanic Gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical Garden City. "
Ecuador requires that Cuban citizens receive an invitation letter prior to entering Ecuador through international airports or frontier admission points. 
"Eighteen holes are played during a regular round, with players usually starting on the first hole on the course and finishing on the eighteenth. "
"Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy. "
Elements and compounds can move from one state to another and not change. 
"Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it. "
England had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw. 
Entering Southern Africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes. 
"Especially in your initial days, consider splurging on Western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize. "
"Estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language. "
European Turkey (eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan peninsula) includes 3% of the country. 
"Even if you're driving through the subtropical rainforest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get inside the vehicle is enough time for mosquitoes to get in the vehicle with you. "
"Even standing amidst thousand year-old ruins it is easy to bring to mind the sounds and smells of battles long gone, to almost hear the clatter of hooves on the cobbles and to smell the fear rising from the dungeon pits. "
Even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. Hypothermia is a real risk without warm clothing. 
Every corner store is filled with a confusing array of pre-paid phone cards that can be used from pay phones or ordinary telephones. 
Every train has both MetroPlus and Metro coaches; the MetroPlus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town. 
"Every year around October nearly 1.5 million herbivores travel towards the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills for the rains. "
"Evidence thereafter indicated test papers were tampered with Hall, along with 34 other education officials, was indicted in 2013. "
"Eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower. "
"Families with children are a rare sight, but some hostels do allow them in private rooms. "
"Families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children. "
"Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday. "
"Fewer than a thousand cases have ever been reported in humans, but some of them have been fatal. "
Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last July. 
Fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and some relaxing chamomile tea at night. 
"Fire captain Scott Kouns said, It was a hot day in the Santa Clara with temperatures in the 90s. "
"First, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected. "
Fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters. 
"Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is almost always a bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area. "
"Followers pursue certain ways of living, or practices that are intended to nurture those experiences. "
Following seabed mapping the wreck was found using an ROV. 
"Following the process, HJR-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislature in either 2015 or 2016 to remain in process. "
"Following the race, Keselowski remains the Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points. "
"For a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them. "
For a few pennies some children will tell you the story. 
"For a long time during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, it was believed the first inhabitants of New Zealand were the Maori people, who hunted giant birds called moas. "
"For example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car. "
"For instance, children who identify with a racial minority that is stereotyped as not doing well in school tend to not do well in school once they learn about the stereotype associated with their race. "
"For most countries, you will need an offer letter from the institution you wish to study at, and also evidence of funds to support yourself for at least the first year of your course. "
"For one thing, northern New Mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars. "
"For that reason, everything you see on the TV had the borders cut, top, bottom and sides. "
"For that, they had to get rid of British bases and ships in Egypt. Besides those actions, Italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else. "
"For the first time, last year China exported more cars than Germany and surpassed the United States as the biggest market for this industry. "
"For those unfamiliar with medical jargon, the words infectious and contagious have distinct meanings. "
"For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a trek up the Sea to Sky corridor is essential. "
"For those willing to sacrifice comfort, time and predictability to push expenses down close to zero, see minimum budget travel. "
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote. 
Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent. 
Fossil hand bones two million to three million years old reveal this shift in specialization of the hand from locomotion to manipulation. 
"Four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of MRI. "
Fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest. 
"Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W. "
French law was changed. His activism went back to age 15 when he joined the French Resistance during World War II. 
"General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over the Assunpink Creek and prevent any enemy troops from escaping. "
"General John Cadwalder would launch a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, in order to block off any reinforcements. "
German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines. 
"Germany code-named the attack Operation Sealion. Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak. "
Getting into your own car and heading off on a long road trip has an intrinsic appeal in its simplicity. 
"Given how remote many of the pueblos are, you won't be able to find a significant amount of nightlife without traveling to Albuquerque or Santa Fe. "
Golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls into holes. 
Greed and selfishness will always be with us and it is the nature of cooperation that when the majority benefit there will always be more to gain in the short term by acting selfishly 
Gridley or Stark placed a stake about 100 feet (30 m) in front of the fence and ordered that no one fire until the regulars passed it. 
Hangeul is the only purposely invented alphabet in popular daily use. The alphabet was invented in 1444 during the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450). 
"Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the cloud). "
He also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the Roe decision depended upon. 
"He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the settled law of the land, emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings. "
He died in Osaka on Tuesday. 
He documented himself in a 1998 book. 
He emailed students at the local university and received an overwhelming number of offers for free accommodation. 
He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences of the University of Virginia in 1950 and was a significant donor to that institution. 
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers. 
"He has also been accused previously of copyright infringement, but was not charged. "
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958. 
"He originally named the Hangeul alphabet Hunmin Jeongeum, which means the correct sounds for the instruction of the people. "
"He received the Hero of the Soviet Union, the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work. "
He recently lost against Raonic in the Brisbane Open. 
He was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died. 
He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia. 
"He went on to say, This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should. "
He would need to be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and it was his own car that he was trying to break into. 
"Heels should be low and wide. Sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often scattered on roads or paths to improve traction. "
Helicopters rescued the twelve crewmembers and the only injury was a broken nose. 
Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is a cousin of Velociraptor . 
"High-end brand-name frames available in such areas may have two problems; some may be knock-offs, and the real imported ones may be more expensive than at home. "
"Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails. "
"Hindi and Urdu are similar in vocabulary but different in script; in everyday conversations, speakers of both languages can usually understand each other. "
"His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group. "
"Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others. "
Hostels cater primarily to young people – a typical guest is in their twenties – but you can often find older travellers there too. 
"How would Io's gravity pull on me? If you stood on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than you do on Earth. "
However in 991 Ethelred was faced with a Viking fleet larger than any since Guthrum's a century earlier. 
"However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge where he studied Anthropology and Archaeology, and later History, earning a 2:2 (a lower second class degree). "
"However, Star Alliance covers everything except the eastern South Pacific from Santiago de Chile to Tahiti, which is a LATAM Oneworld flight. "
"However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain. "
"However, in June 1956, Krushchev's promises were put to the test when riots in Poland, where workers were protesting against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against Communism. "
"However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means come over, similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose. "
"However, nearly all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them bring in name-brand entertainment (primarily the large ones immediately surrounding Albuquerque and Santa Fe). "
"However, new evidence suggests that the Moriori were a group of mainland Maori who migrated from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands, developing their own distinctive, peaceful culture. "
"However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and legal walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags. "
"However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many tombs of the past were robbed, this tomb was left virtually undisturbed. "
"However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe in the late 16th century. "
"However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away. "
"However, they have a different kind of beauty and charm during winter, with many hill stations receiving healthy amounts of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding. "
"However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars. "
"However, very few Royal Navy ships were based near the likely invasion routes as the admirals were afraid they would be sunk by German air attack. "
Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance. 
Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis. 
Humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others. 
Humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves. 
Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years. 
I am happy that there are people willing to support me. 
"I expect to return to all my duties on Monday, Arias said in a statement. "
"If confirmed, the find completes Allen's eight-year search for the Musashi. "
"If just taking a photo of something isn't allowed, then you shouldn't even think of recording a video of it. "
If the objective of one’s visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism. 
If traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock. 
"If traveling with a laptop or tablet, store a copy in its memory or disc (accessible without the internet). "
"If using a drone, check well in advance as to what you are allowed to film and what permits or additional licensing are required. "
"If you are going to camp out, bring a camp cot or hammock to keep you away from snakes, scorpions and such. "
"If you don't have a data connection for your phone, or when it is out of range, their performance can be limited or unavailable. "
"If you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse. "
"If you have additional travel time, check to see how your total fare quote to Africa compares with a round-the-world fare. "
"If you live in a city with a varied drinking culture, go to bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent. "
"If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls. "
"If you visit Greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing. "
"If you want to fly around the world completely in the Southern Hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations is limited due to the lack of transoceanic routes. "
"If you want to learn throwing a boomerang that comes back to your hand, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning. "
"If you want to see the world on the cheap, for necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are some ways to do that. "
"If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies: "
"Illegal spirits can contain various dangerous impurities including methanol, which can cause blindness or death even in small doses. "
"Imagine, if you will, a Mancunian, Bostonian, Jamaican and Sydneysider sitting around a table having dinner at a restaurant in Toronto. "
"In 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the Drukgyal Dzong to remain, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal. "
In 1957 Luxembourg became a founding member of the organization which is today known as the European Union. 
"In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first whole-body MRI scanner, which he called the Indomitable. "
"In 1981, Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the nation's national flower. "
"In 1994, the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan waged war against the Azeris. "
In 1995 he was voted the best player in Partizan's history. 
In 2009 she was awarded the title of National Superintendent of the Year. 
"In 2010, while nationalised, the current high street bank Northern Rock plc was split from the ‘bad bank’, Northern Rock (Asset Management). "
"In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner. "
"In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors. "
"In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices. "
In Rogaland and Agder they are usually called hei meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather. 
"In addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts. "
"In addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of flexible working hours. (Bremer, 1998) "
"In all cases, you must book by phone directly with the airline. "
"In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the Italian Tenth Army's Engineer-in-Chief, General Lastucci. "
"In developed countries today, providing deluxe bed and breakfasts has been raised to a sort of art-form. "
"In essence, the Renaissance made a significant change in the approach to learning and the dissemination of knowledge. "
"In fact, region codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disk will play just fine on any device where the original will. "
"In fact, there is not one good thing to learn.Learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented. "
"In general, staying in any foreign country for an extended period of time will require you to obtain a visa in advance. "
"In his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class. "
"In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day. "
"In many countries with such a law, local hotels will handle the registration (make sure to ask). "
"In many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating hello. "
"In other cases, only those staying outside of tourist accommodations need to register.  However, this makes the law much more obscure, so find out beforehand. "
"In particular, the numbering system in French-speaking Belgium and Switzerland has some slight peculiarities that are different from the French spoken in France, and the pronunciation of some words is slightly different. "
"In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to camp. "
"In some countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices. "
In some cross-border trains inspections are done on the running train and you should have valid ID with you when boarding one of those trains. 
"In some federal countries, such as the United States and Canada, income tax is levied both at the federal level and at the local level, so the rates and brackets can vary from region to region. "
"In summer, especially, you'll need to watch out for mosquitoes if you decide to hike through the rainforest. "
"In the 1480s, when its construction was begun by Lord Hastings, the country was relatively peaceful and defense was only required against small bands of roving marauders. "
In the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent Algeria to teach film directing. 
"In the beginning of the war they mostly travelled on top of the sea, but as radar began developing and becoming more accurate the submarines were forced to go under water to avoid being seen. "
"In the heat of the day, travelers can experience mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things). "
"In the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged. "
In the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia. 
"In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day. "
"In the past 20 years, the amount of child-friendly options in Uptown Charlotte has grown exponentially. "
"In the rainy season (November to March), the water volume will be higher and the Falls will be more dramatic. "
"In the winter, enjoy some of the best skiing in North America, and in the summer try some authentic mountain biking. "
"In the year 1970, Raymond Damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis. "
"In third, Hamlin is twenty points behind, but five ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points. "
"In this instance, recalling previous instances of entrepreneurial behavior and resulting successes helped people to be open to new changes and new direction for the local church. "
"In this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause atoms to give off tiny radio signals. "
"Income tax is structured differently in different countries, and the tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another. "
Increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied section of ready-made food. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food. 
Individuals who had been involved for several decades helped us appreciate our strengths and passions while candidly assessing difficulties and even failures. 
Inland Antarctica is a desolate plateau covered by 2-3 km of ice. 
"Interactive design requires that components of a project connect to each other, but also make sense as a separate entity. "
Interactive design requires that you re-assess your assumptions about media production and learn to think in a non-linear ways. 
"Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists. "
"International Horticultural Expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants. "
"Internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. Most of them operate independently. "
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot. 
It allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information. 
It can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere since many volunteer jobs provide room and board and a few pay a small salary. 
It can be better to use an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours. 
It can be customized to make it easy to read and also with as much or little color as desired. 
"It can save money over buying new maps for a GPS, or a standalone GPS device or renting one from a car rental company. "
"It can usually be replenished fairly easily if you run out, and gives resolution roughly comparable to a current DSLR. "
"It had a weaker army and a weaker navy, although they had just built four new ships right before the beginning of the war. "
"It has the same molecular structure whether it is a gas, liquid, or solid. "
It is an archipelago with 15 islands spread out over 2.2 million km2 of ocean. 
"It is assigned to the U.S. Navy’s Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan. "
"It is believed by some, including John Grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series. "
"It is not a learning disability, it is a learning disorder; it affects 3 to 5 percent of all children, perhaps as many as 2 million American children. "
It is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court. 
"It is possible to secure park permits directly from the Ranger Station in Puerto Jiménez, but they do not accept credit cards "
"It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the Tibetan-Mongol forces. "
It is the biggest acquisition in eBay's history. 
"It looks a bit daunting from below, and it is a steep and difficult ascent, but most reasonably fit persons should be able to make it in about 45 minutes. "
"It now functions as the central plaza, and always has a lot of things going on, day and night. "
It seems actually to be more a way of tricking people into believing they have to pay more. 
It was based on the German alphabet and one character Õ/õ was added. 
It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to help inexperienced folders or those with limited motor skills. 
"It was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses. "
"It's compacted snow with crevasses filled in and marked by flags. It can only be traveled by specialized tractors, hauling sleds with fuel and supplies. "
"Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the Mediterranean Sea and invade Africa. "
"Its a very complex entity which consists, according to a simplified Bohr model, of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, somewhat similar to planets orbiting the sun - see Figure 1.1. "
Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe. 
"Its frequent portrayal in music, films, literature and popular culture has helped make the city and its landmarks known throughout the world. "
Its large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long. 
"Its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported. "
"Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means western claw. "
"Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54. "
"Jardín de la Unión. This space was built as the atrium for a 17th-century convent, of which the Templo de San Diego is the sole surviving building. "
Jarque was practicing during pre-season training at Coverciano in Italy earlier in the day. He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia. 
"Jerusalem has many historic, archeological and cultural sites, along with vibrant and crowded shopping centers, cafés, and restaurants. "
"Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, though most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as Israel's capital. "
"John Grant, from WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's home station) said Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read,... the love of reading — [the show] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read. "
Joining such a network usually just requires filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification. 
"Jonny Reid, co-driver for the A1GP New Zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old Auckland Harbour Bridge, New Zealand, legally. "
"Just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in Whitehall. "
"Karno is a well-known but controversial English tutor who taught under Modern Education and King's Glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career. "
Keep in mind while planning that although Southern Africa is stable not all neighboring countries are. 
"Kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities. "
King Sejong was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded. 
Komen's policy disqualified Planned Parenthood due to a pending investigation on how Planned Parenthood spends and reports its money that is being conducted by Representative Cliff Stearns. 
"Lake Onega is also connected to Volga, so coming from the Caspian Sea through Russia is still possible. "
"Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now. "
"Last week, Naked News announced that it would dramatically increase its international language mandate to news reporting, with three new broadcasts. "
Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the process of joining ACTA. 
"Lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries. "
"Learning to create interactive media requires conventional and traditional skills, as well as tools mastered in interactive classes (storyboarding, audio and video editing, story telling, etc.) "
"Leonov, also known as cosmonaut No. 11, was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts. "
"Leslie Aun, a spokesperson for the Komen Foundation, said the organization adopted a new rule that does not allow grants or funding to be awarded to organizations that are under legal investigation. "
Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the little brother of Germany and Japan. 
"Living and volunteering in a foreign country is a great way to get to know a different culture, meet new people, learn about yourself, get a sense of perspective and even gain new skills. "
Local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding. 
Lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save Afghans the expense and security risk of another election. 
"Long before The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson envisioned a publication that would parody the news—and news reporting—when they were students at UW in 1988. "
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839. 
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both World War I and World War II by Germany. 
"MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University). "
"Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport. "
Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you. 
Make sure you know what you can and cannot bring in and declare anything over the legal limits. 
Make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers. 
"Many a stable, capable traveler has been overcome by the newness of developing world travel, where many little cultural adjustments can add up quickly. "
Many buildings are quite beautiful to look at and the view from a tall building or from a cleverly-positioned window can be a beauty to behold. 
"Many entire nations are completely fluent in English, and in even more you can expect a limited knowledge - especially among younger people. "
"Many exotic animals are hard to find, and parks sometimes have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes. "
"Many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases. "
Many of their writers have gone on to wield great influence on Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's news parody shows. 
"Many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and explore other worlds, some people wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life may live on another plant. "
Many tickets sold online through auction websites such as eBay or Craigslist are partially used multi-day park-hopper tickets. 
"Maroochydore had finished on top of the ladder, six points clear of Noosa in second. "
Maroochydore then defeated Caboolture in the Preliminary Final. 
Massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season. 
"Maybe one day, your great grandchildren will be standing atop an alien world wondering about their ancient ancestors? "
"MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in Europe. "
MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in and around Cape Town: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class). 
"Middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate. "
Modern Education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorisation and lying by saying that he was the chief English tutor. 
"Moose (also known as elk) aren't inherently aggressive, but will defend themselves if they perceive a threat. "
"Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour. "
Most boomerangs available in Australia are in fact non-returning. It is best for beginners to not try throwing in windy 
"Most have involved people who work with poultry, but there is also some risk to birdwatchers. "
"Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones. "
Most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple. 
"Most of the temples do have an Annual festival starting from November end to Mid of May, which varies according to each temple's annual calendar. "
Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are usually full during the high season). 
Most televisions are made in a way to please the general public. 
"Mr Costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia should pursue its use. "
"Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand's A1GP car, Black Beauty at speeds over 160km/h seven times over the bridge. "
"Mr. Rudd's decision to sign the Kyoto climate accord isolates the United States, which will now be the only developed nation not to ratify the agreement. "
Music is often recorded using sophisticated computers to process and mix sounds together. 
MySpace is the third most popular website used in the United States and has 54 million profiles currently. 
"Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of religious belief and worship by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly those of a peaceful, insightful, blissful, or even ecstatic character. "
"Mysticism is the pursuit of communion with, identity with, or conscious awareness of an ultimate reality, divinity, spiritual truth, or God. "
Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve. 
Nadal's head to head record against the Canadian is 7–2. 
"Nadia, born on September 17, 2007, by Cesarean section at a maternity clinic in Aleisk, Russia, weighed in at a massive 17 pounds 1 ounce. "
"Natural factors can intersect to produce ideal conditions, allowing this algae to increase in number dramatically. "
"Nevertheless, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the standard French numbering system. "
"Nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing. "
News spread in the Red Lake community today as funerals for Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims were held that another student was arrested in connection with the school shootings of March 21. 
Nigeria previously announced it planned to join the AfCFTA in the week leading up to the summit. 
Nitrogen as a gas still has the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is denser but the molecules are still the same. 
No airline alliance covers all three ocean crossings in the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam covers none of the crossings). 
"No major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock. "
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek. 
No one was inside the apartment. 
Northern Rock had required support due to its exposure during the subprime mortgage crisis in 2007. 
Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks. 
"Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain. "
Nowadays air travel is only rarely booked directly through the airline without first searching and comparing prices. 
"Occasional specialist air tours go inland, for mountaineering or to reach the Pole, which has a large base. "
"Of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards. "
"Often, you have to buy a global number separately that allows PSTN phones to call you. Where the number is from makes a difference for people calling you. "
"On June 28, Marshal Italo Balbo, the Governor-General of Libya and apparent heir to Mussolini, was killed by friendly fire while landing in Tobruk. "
"On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or spacewalk, remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes. "
"On Monday, scientists from the Stanford University School of Medicine announced the invention of a new diagnostic tool that can sort cells by type: a tiny printable chip that can be manufactured using standard inkjet printers for possibly about one U.S. cent each. "
"On October 7 an engine separated on takeoff, without injuries. Russia briefly grounded Il-76s after that accident. "
"On September 24, 1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the St James' Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland. "
"On Wednesday, the United States' National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding COVID-19. "
"On night sleeper trains, passports may be collected by the conductor so that you do not have your sleep interrupted. "
"On the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the bellows with more pressure or speed. "
"On the other hand, it is precisely because the volume of water is so high that your viewing of the actual Falls will be obscured—by all the water! "
"One of strong points of Charlotte, North Carolina, is that it has an abundance of high-quality options for families. "
One of the most common problems when trying to convert a movie to DVD format is the overscan. 
"One of the most prominent apps in this category is Google Translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data. "
"One of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window, said survivor Franciszek Kowal. "
"One of the world's richest people, Allen has reportedly invested much of his wealth in marine exploration and began his quest to find the Musashi out of a lifelong interest in the war. "
"Only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly discount the cost of last-minute funeral travel. "
"Only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains). "
"Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured PA sessions. "
"Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover. "
"Other scientists argue that these plants are very poisonous so it is unlikely that any dinosaur ate them, even though today the sloth and other animals like the parrot (a descendant of the dinosaurs) can eat poisonous leaves or fruit. "
"Other skiing events will be at the Taizicheng ski area in Zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 miles) from Beijing. "
"Our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point. "
"Out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin. "
Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom; 
Over 60 cruise ships ply the Galapagos waters - ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers. 
"Over multiple centuries, the Roman empire led to great gains in the field of medicine and formed much of the knowledge we know today. "
"Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the rugged, steep landscape right up to the cliffs that overlook the sea. "
"Part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development. Paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside. "
Participating countries present artistic and educational displays in national pavilions to showcase world issues or their country's culture and history. 
Passengers were given water as they waited in 90(F)-degree heat. 
"People were hitting the panes with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable. "
"People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems and work on scientific tests. "
Perhaps the most common type of tourism is what most people associate with traveling: Recreation tourism. 
"Permits are limited to protect the canyon, and become available on the 1st day of the month, four months prior to the start month. "
Permits must be reserved in advance. You must have a permit to stay overnight at Sirena. 
"Perry specifically said, There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case. "
Personal VPN (virtual private network) providers are an excellent way of circumventing both political censorship and commercial IP-geofiltering. 
"Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia. "
"Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, has died after being involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. "
Phases happen because only the side of Venus (or of the Moon) facing the Sun is lighted. The phases of Venus supported the theory of Copernicus that the planets go around the Sun. 
"Phnom Krom, 12 km southwest of Siem Reap. This hilltop temple was built at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman. "
Photons are even smaller than the stuff that makes up atoms! 
"Piquet Jr. crashed in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix just after an early pit stop for Fernando Alonso, bringing out the safety car. "
Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix. 
Pittman suggested that conditions wouldn't improve until sometime next week. 
Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued Provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network. 
Possible long term health events from excessive drinking can include liver damage and even blindness and death. The potential danger is increased when consuming illegally produced alcohol. 
Present-day parts of Belgium were part of Luxembourg in the past but became Belgian after the 1830s Belgian Revolution. 
"Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance. "
"Proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness. "
Protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the National Congress in November. 
"Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland. "
Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. The electrons have a negative electric charge. 
"Pureland origami is origami with the restriction that only one fold may be done at a time, more complex folds like reverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have straightforward locations. "
RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia. 
Real-time text translator apps – applications that are capable of automatically translating whole segments of text from one language into another. 
"Red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of Karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism. "
"Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part. "
"Registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. In some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities. "
"Residents from other areas often cite family-friendliness as a primary reason for moving there, and visitors often find the city easy to enjoy with children around. "
"Robert Hooke, a biologist from England, saw small squares in cork with a microscope. "
"Roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases. "
"Rules regarding regular photography also apply to video recording, possibly even more so. "
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained. 
"San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities. "
"San Francisco is also one of the best places in the nation for other Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian, and Japanese. "
"Sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served to be the source for many modern Indian languages, just like Latin is the source for European languages like French and Spanish. "
Sanskrit is an ancient language and is comparable to the Latin language spoken in Europe. 
"Schumacher who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times, was due to replace the injured Felipe Massa. "
Scientists are working to create a reactor that can make energy in the same way. 
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict that Danielle will strengthen to a hurricane by Wednesday. 
"Scientists call this process stimulated emission of radiation because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation. "
Scientists have discovered landforms littered across the moon's surface called lobate scarps that have apparently resulted from the moon's shrinking very slowly. 
Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring. 
"Seeing the sites and wildlife of the Galapagos is best done by boat, just as Charles Darwin did it in 1835. "
Setting up a tent on private property or in a town of any size can easily attract unwanted attention. 
"Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2,243. "
"Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere. "
She gained critical acclaim during her time in Atlanta and was recognized for innovative urban education. 
"She said, There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently. "
"Shortly after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report showing problems with test results. "
Sikhism is a religion from the Indian sub-continent. It originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century from a sectarian split within the Hindu tradition. 
"Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for way of the guru. The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs. "
Sikhs consider their faith to be a separate religion from Hinduism though they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions. 
"Similarly, a British traveller in Spain may mistake a wave goodbye involving the palm facing the waver (rather than the person being waved at) as a gesture to come back. "
"Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed Political Agents to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas. "
"Since its inception, The Onion has become a veritable news parody empire, with a print edition, a website that drew 5,000,000 unique visitors in the month of October, personal ads, a 24 hour news network, podcasts, and a recently launched world atlas called Our Dumb World. "
"Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club. "
"Since then, China's economic size has grown by 90 times. "
"Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals. "
Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group had a bid for the bank rejected prior to the bank’s nationalisation. 
"Sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory lodging and hot meals in addition to camping. La Leona, San Pedrillo, and Los Patos offer only camping with no food service. "
"So if you were standing by the shoreline, you would be able to see down to whatever pebbles or gunk that was on the bottom. "
So many of us find ourselves watching a television show that informs us of a process or experience in which we will never participate or apply that knowledge. 
"Some German monks wanted to bring God closer to the native people, so they invented the Estonian literal language. "
"Some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole. "
Some countries have exceedingly draconian punishments even for first time offenses; these can include prison sentences of over 10 years or death. 
"Some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season. "
"Some hotels have a heritage from the golden age of steam railways and ocean liners; before the Second World War, in the 19th or early 20th centuries. "
"Some medium-format film cameras use a 6 by 6 cm format, more precisely a 56 by 56 mm negative. "
Some of the applications in this category can even translate texts in foreign languages on signs or other objects in the real world when the user points the smartphone towards those objects. 
Some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning. 
"Some of the rocks, which are very rare on Earth, are being sold from US$11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times more than the cost of gold. "
Some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting. 
"Some scientists think Triceratops ate cycads, which are a type of plant that was common in the Cretaceous. "
"Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted. "
"Sometimes the original trigging event is the sun warming the snow, sometimes some more snowfall, sometimes other natural events, often a human. "
Sometimes the same flight can have vastly differing prices at various agregators and it pays to compare search results and to also look at the website of the airline itself before booking. 
"Sophisticated animations can be constructed on computers, and this kind of animation is increasingly being used in television and films. "
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature. 
"Space for the most popular areas, such as the Bright Angel Campground adjacent to Phantom Ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations. "
"Squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the Olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the Olympic Games in 2005. "
"Stardust will set a new all-time record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May of 1969 during the return of the Apollo X command module. "
Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position. 
Stars give off light and heat because of the energy made when hydrogen atoms are merged (or fused) together to form heavier elements. 
"Stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood in his role as chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. "
"Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth, and Harvick round out the top-ten positions for the Drivers' Championship with four races remaining in the season. "
"Stone steps are laid along most of the path, and in the steeper sections steel cables provide a supporting handrail. "
Student visas generally have different requirements and application procedures from normal tourist or business visas. 
"Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting until the next face-to-face meeting. "
"Submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time. "
Submarines were used in World War I and World War II. Back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range. 
"Such success stories lessened the fears of change, while creating positive inclinations toward change in the future. "
Surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them. 
Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds. 
"Take a look at what trips the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a shop window. "
"Taxis are not generally used by families in Charlotte, though they can be of some use in certain circumstances. "
"Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo–Soyuz mission symbolizing that the Space Race was over. "
"Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that OHA police are also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam. "
"Thanks to undersea fiber optic cable links to Europe and broadband satellite, Greenland is well connected with 93% of the population having internet access. "
"That means everything has to be put back, said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw. "
"That means we are able to successfully predict what other humans perceive, intend, believe, know or desire. "
"That said, expect to be out of breath, and take care in the steeper portions, especially when wet, as it can become dangerous quickly. "
"The typical visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home. "
The 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual fertiliser cargo and initially officials feared the vessel could spill a load. 
"The 30-year-old husband, who was born in Buffalo, was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not hurt. "
"The ACMA also found that despite the video being streamed on the Internet, Big Brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on Big Brother's website. "
The American plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions. 
The Angkor Pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to Tonle Sap. 
The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix. 
"The Broadcasting Services Act provides for the regulation of Internet content, however to be considered Internet content, it must physically reside on a server. "
The Canal District (Dutch: Grachtengordel) is the famous 17th-century district surrounding the Binnenstad of Amsterdam. 
"The Colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements. "
"The Cook Islands are an island country in free association with New Zealand, located in Polynesia, in the middle of the South Pacific Ocean. "
The Cook Islands do not have any cities but are composed of 15 different islands. The main ones are Rarotonga and Aitutaki. 
"The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti "
The Drukgyal Dzong is a ruined fortress and Buddhist monastery in the upper part of the Paro District (in Phondey Village). 
"The Global Running Tours successor, Go Running Tours networks dozens of sightrunning providers on four continents. "
"The Greek historian Strabo later noted the name, which is how we know today. The temple was destroyed on the same night that Alexander the Great was born. "
"The Health Minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect. "
The Icelandic Meteorological Office also reported no earthquake activity in the Hekla area in the past 48 hours. 
"The Il-76 has been a major component of both the Russian and Soviet military since the 1970s, and had already seen a serious accident in Russia last month. "
The Indus Valley Civilization was a Bronze Age civilisation in the northwest Indian subcontinent encompassing most of modern-day Pakistan and some regions in northwest India and northeast Afghanistan. 
"The International Olympic Committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in Berlin today. Rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the Olympics. "
The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation. 
"The JAS 39C Gripen crashed onto a runway at around 9:30 am local time (0230 UTC) and exploded, closing the airport to commercial flights. "
The Luno had 120–160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater. 
"The Mapuche were also one of the last independent American indigenous groups, that were not fully absorbed into Spanish-speaking rule until after Chile's independence. "
"The Mumbai attackers arrived via boat on Novemeber 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and hit multiple targets including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel. "
The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus. 
"The National Congress of Brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul. "
The Nervous System maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses through out the body to keep the flow of blood going as well as undisturbed. 
"The New Zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast Mr Reid was going because of how low Black Beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock Mr Reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h. "
The Northern Rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the UK Government. 
"The PBS show has more than two-dozen Emmy awards, and its run is shorter only than Sesame Street and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood. "
The Park Service (MINAE) does not issue park permits more than one month in advance of anticipated arrival. 
"The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya. "
The South Pole Traverse (or Highway) is a 1600 km trail from McMurdo Station on the Ross Sea to the Pole. 
"The Sun doesn't have a crust like the Earth that you can stand on. The whole Sun is made out of gases, fire, and plasma. "
The Thais invaded Cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772 they destroyed Phnom Phen. 
"The Twin Otter had been trying to land at Kokoda yesterday as Airlines PNG Flight CG4684, but had aborted once already. "
The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up prominent landmarks in Ethiopia and Kenya. 
The US Navy also said they were investigating the incident. 
The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior. 
"The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that extremists from Somalia are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia. "
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power. 
"The White Sea–Baltic Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes. "
The actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning. 
"The advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain. "
The aircraft had been headed to Irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops. 
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish. 
"The amount and thickness of the pack ice, according to Pittman, is the worst it has been for sealers in the past 15 years. "
The ancient city in the Judean Hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years. 
"The approach to obtaining information was different. No longer did pressure reside within individual recall, but the ability to recall text became more of a focus. "
The artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis. 
The atom can be considered to be one of the fundamental building blocks of all matter. 
The attack put a huge strain on relations between India and Pakistan. 
The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states. 
"The band canceled the show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans. "
"The band's management company, HK Management Inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on September 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day. "
"The believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties. "
"The blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. The two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted. "
The building housed a number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city at the eve of hajj pilgrimage. 
The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd. 
"The capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute. "
The capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky. 
"The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider AOL, the company who instigated the charges. "
The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer. 
The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil. 
"The cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells. "
"The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the hand's use for bearing weight in knuckle walking. "
"The city is holy to the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and serves as a spiritual, religious, and cultural center. "
"The city of Beijing in China will be the host city of the Olympic Winter Games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter Olympics. "
"The city will be the first in southeastern Europe to host CowParade, the world's largest public art event, between June and August this year. "
The civilisation flourished in the basins of the Indus River wherefore it derives its name. 
The clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place. 
"The colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday. "
"The comments, live on television, were the first time that senior Iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect. "
"The commissioner said, We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020. "
"The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked. "
"The company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil. "
"The concept was that all European nations had to seek to prevent one nation from becoming powerful, and thus national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance. "
"The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as a trap dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself. "
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives. 
The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors. 
"The death toll is at least 15, a figure which is expected to rise. "
"The different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally. "
The disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the focal complexity and number of lens elements required to achieve a range of focal lengths is much greater than for prime lenses. 
The documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations. 
"The earliest known book in the world was written in Sanskrit. After the compilation of Upanishads, Sanskrit just faded due to hierarchy. "
The easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website. 
The effect is dependent on how often your brain attempts to lucidly dream per night. 
"The fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer in it, but have been removed to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. "
"The failure of the second sentence, which proposes to ban same-sex civil unions, could possibly open the door for civil unions in the future. "
"The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos have been imprisoned in the Athens' jail of Korydallus, as they were found guilty of graft and corruption. "
The first economic reforms were made under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping. 
"The focus of this mindset is speed, logic and accuracy, also identification of facts, reapplying existing techniques, gathering information. "
"The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces. "
"The game is played on grass, and the grass around the hole is mown shorter and called the green. "
The game publisher Konami stated today in a Japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah. 
The gas becomes thinner as you go farther from the center of the Sun. 
"The glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. This will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges. "
The gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the Tonle Sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile. 
"The governor also stated, Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient. "
The hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner. 
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial. 
The hostel's guests were mostly citizens of the United Arab Emirates. 
"The human hand is shorter than the foot, with straighter phalanges. "
"The invention of spoke wheels made Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots. "
"The island was first inhabited by the Taínos and Caribes. The Caribes were an Arawakan-speaking people who had arrived around 10,000 BCE. "
The issue started on January 1st when dozens of local residents started complaining to the Obanazawa Post Office that they hadn't received their traditional and regular New Year cards. 
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over. 
The judge told Blake it was almost inevitable he was going to be sent to jail. 
"The largest employment sectors are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism. "
The light bulb then needs replacing. It is necessary to be careful in replacing the light bulb. 
"The main assault force of 2,400 men would cross the river nine miles north of Trenton, and then split into two groups, one under Greene and one under Sullivan, in order to launch a pre-dawn attack. "
The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between REM states. 
"The major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood. "
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd. 
"The man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast. "
"The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to prevent piracy. "
The militaristic nature of the Roman empire aided in the development of medical advances. 
"The modern sport of fencing is played at many levels, from students learning at a university to professional and Olympic competition. "
"The most common cause for accidents in winter is slippery roads, pavements (sidewalks) and especially steps. "
"The most important factor of this mindset is: there is only one correct answer. You only think of two answers, namely right or wrong. "
"The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a Greenlander, in Greenland. "
"The next picture shows the atoms emitting photons. Of course, in reality photons are a lot smaller than those in the picture. "
The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons. 
The number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted. 
The number of users of the Yahoo! and Microsoft services combined will rival the number of AOL's customers. 
"The old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character. "
"The original bill was drafted by former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson. "
"The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means ball of light. "
"The pattern should be deep enough, 5 mm (1/5 inch) or more, and the material soft enough in cold temperatures. "
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. 
"The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot. "
"The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins. "
The postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. There is no one good way to learn. 
"The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as beneficial. "
"The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people. "
"The president's condition is stable, though he will be isolated at home for several days. "
"The problem is that snow is sticky, so it needs some triggering to come down, and some snow coming down can be the triggering event for the rest. "
The proposed amendment already passed both houses in 2011. 
"The protest started around 11:00 local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall opposite the police-guarded entrance to Downing Street, the Prime Minister's official residence. "
The religion was founded in the 15th century by Guru Nanak (1469–1539). There followed in succession a further nine gurus. 
"The report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings. "
The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing. 
"The setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool. "
The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the O to read lowercase e. 
The significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera. 
"The sport is primarily played in a duel format, one fencer dueling another. "
"The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission, until the end of the spacewalk. "
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension. 
"The storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph). "
"The storm, situated about 645 miles (1040 km) west of the Cape Verde islands, is likely to dissipate before threatening any land areas, forecasters say. "
"The study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers. "
"The temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on July 21, 356 BCE in an act of arson committed by Herostratus. "
"The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) long and 800 km (500 mi) wide, with a roughly rectangular shape. "
"The theory then established the idea that the Maori people migrated from Polynesia in a Great Fleet and took New Zealand from the Moriori, establishing an agricultural society. "
The tourist season for the hill stations generally peaks during the Indian summer. 
"The town lies immediately next to the falls, and they are the major attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and sightseers plenty of opportunities for a longer stay. "
"The traditional medieval castle has long inspired the imagination, conjuring up images of jousts, banquets and Arthurian chivalry. "
"The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and more seldom gibberish), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong. "
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3. 
The two sides would meet in the major semi final where Noosa ran out winners by 11 points. 
The typhoon is estimated to be moving toward China at eleven kph. 
"The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its Moon Impact Probe (MIP), which hurtled across the surface of the Moon at 1.5 kilometres per second (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the Moon's south pole. "
The use of the Internet and the World Wide Web allows learners to have access to information at all times. 
"The valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons). "
"The varieties of French which are spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible. "
The very long days in the summer can lead to problems getting sufficient sleep and associated health issues. 
The vote must still be ratified by the full IOC at it's October meeting in Copenhagen. 
The walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed. 
The water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water. 
"The whole district is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its unique cultural and historical value, and its property values are among the highest of the country. "
"The world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers. "
Then Whirling Dervishes took to the stage. 
"Then, a few years later in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus. "
"There are a limited number permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis. "
"There are a number of restaurants surrounding the garden, and in the afternoons and evening there free concerts are often given from the central gazebo. "
"There are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of going to Disney World. "
"There are many different constructions of eyes, ranging in complexity depending on the requirements of the organism. "
There are many different film formats that have been used over the years. Standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest. 
There are many theories to how Sanskrit came into existence. One of them is about an Aryan migration from the west into India who brought their language with them. 
There are many things you have to take into consideration before and when you travel somewhere. 
"There are positive aspects to these websites, which include, being able to easily setup a class page which can include blogs, videos, photos, and other features. "
There are varying estimates for how many people speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world. 
"There is a surcharge for having more than 2 passengers, so this option might be more expensive than necessary. "
"There is also no requirement that you obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can obtain a satellite Internet connection in the wilds of Chicken, Alaska and select a number which claims you're in sunny Arizona. "
There is concern that patients may continue to infect more people by going through their daily routines if the flu symptoms remain mild. 
There was also another tribe on the Chatham islands these were Maori who migrated away from New Zealand. 
"There were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route. "
"There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned. "
"There's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze. "
These agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services under Article 247 of the Pakistani Constitution. 
These aren't very nimble so the trail has to take a long swerve around the Transantarctic Mountains to come onto the plateau. 
These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992. 
"These can be dangerous if the traveler pursue the mirage, wasting precious energy and remaining water. "
"These children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods. "
"These events normally last anywhere between three and six months, and are held on sites no smaller than 50 hectares. "
"These hotels were where the rich and the famous of the day would stay, and often had fine dining and nightlife. "
These monster storms have winds up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph). 
These nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat. 
"These plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves. "
"These plateaus are often referred to as vidde meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse. "
These requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries. 
These requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit. 
"These scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent. "
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger. 
"These websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting. "
"They also said in a statement, The crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship. "
They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List. 
"They are separate from lingua francas, which are natural or organic languages that become dominant for one reason or another as means of communication between speakers of other languages. "
"They are superior to web proxies for several reasons: They re-route all Internet traffic, not only http. "
They became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow. 
"They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become tornadoes when they touch the ground. "
"They called themselves the Moriori there were a few skirmishes and in the end, the Moriori were wiped out "
They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a photon. 
"They generate high winds (often 100-200 miles/hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves. "
"They include financial restrictions and a ban by the European Union on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income. "
They looked like rooms. He was the first person to observe dead cells 
They need to show the insurer's e-mail address and international phone numbers for advice/authorizations and making claims. 
They normally offer higher bandwidth and better quality of service. They are encrypted and thus harder to spy on. 
"They're regaling each other with stories from their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local argot. "
"Things did not go well for the Italians in North Africa almost from the start. Within a week of Italy's declaration of war on June 10, 1940, the British 11th Hussars had seized Fort Capuzzo in Libya. "
"This authentic community is located in Howe Sound just off Vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing Granville Island in downtown Vancouver. "
This can be done in a normal car with careful planning but a 4x4 is highly advised and many locations are only accessible with a high wheel base 4x4. 
"This causes the skater to turn. If the skates tilt to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates tilt to the left, the skater turns left. "
"This contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution. "
"This fleet was led by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian with ambitions to reclaim his country from Danish domination. "
This flight is not the only option if you want to skip the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below) 
"This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor. "
This gives resolution almost four times that of a 35 mm negative (3136 mm2 versus 864). 
This has allowed zoom lenses to produce pictures of a quality comparable to that achieved by lenses with fixed focal length. 
"This includes waiting in line, as drug-sniffing dogs could be used at any time without notice. "
This is because electricity flowing into the socket where the metallic part of bulb sits can give you a severe electric shock if you touch the inside of the socket or the metal base of the bulb while it is still partly in the socket. 
This is becoming less of an issue as lens manufacturers achieve higher standards in lens production. 
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth. 
This is just as exhausting as if you were to wake up every twenty or thirty minutes and watch TV. 
This is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen. That is called overscan. 
"This is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things. "
"This is the first time a conviction has been gained using the legislation enacted in 2003 to curb bulk e-mail, aka spam, from unsolicited distribution into users mailboxes. "
This is when people go to a place that is very different from their regular day-to-day life to relax and have fun. 
"This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and comply with certain requirements. "
This makes inexpensive zoom lenses hard to use in low-light conditions without a flash. 
"This marked an important change, as European powers would no longer have the pretext of being religious wars. Thus, the Thirty Years' War would be the last war to be labeled a religious war. "
This might require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices. 
"This page can easily be accessed by providing just one web address, which makes it easy to remember and easy to type in for students who may have trouble using the keyboard or with spelling. "
This theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity. 
This type of thinking is associated with certain science or standard procedures. 
"This way, you will tire yourself out as little as possible. Remember there's no need to hit the keys with a lot of force for extra volume like on the piano. "
This will ensure that your particular interests and/or constraints are matched with the ship most suitable to them. 
"This, however, is a very hard problem to solve and will take many years before we see useful fusion reactors built. "
Those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement. 
"Though smaller, it reminds some elderly visitors of Hawaii before statehood without all the large tourist hotels and other development. "
"Thus the scourges of Delhi Belly, the Pharaoh's Curse, Montezuma's Revenge, and their many friends. "
"Thus, a backcountry permit for any start date in May becomes available on 1 Jan. "
"Time has been studied by religious, philosophical, and scientific scholars for thousands of years. "
Time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events. 
"Time is something that is all around us, and affects everything we do, yet is difficult to understand. "
"To Check the victim, you must first survey the scene to ensure your safety. "
"To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show Troy. "
"To return to their previous energy level, they must get rid of the extra energy they got from the light. "
Today's Player of the Day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals. 
Today's announcement also extended the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund extra carriages. 
"Tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 may be the most famous of the tombs in the Valley, the scene of Howard Carter's 1922 discovery of the almost intact royal burial of the young king. "
"Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path. "
"Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours. "
"Tourist visits are costly, demand physical fitness, can only take place in summer Nov-Feb, and are largely limited to the Peninsula, Islands and Ross Sea. "
Tourists may visit different landmarks of a particular country or they may simply opt to focus on just one area. 
"Tours are cheaper for larger groups, so if you're by yourself or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six for a better per-person rate. "
"Towering above the north end of Machu Picchu is this steep mountain, often the backdrop to many photos of the ruins. "
"Traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school. "
"Travel agencies have been around since the 19th century. A travel agent is usually a good option for a journey which extends beyond a traveller's previous experience of nature, culture, language or low-income countries. "
Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage for many American families. 
"Troops reinforcing the forward positions included the 1st and 3rd New Hampshire regiments of 200 men, under Colonels John Stark and James Reed (both later became generals). "
"Tropical Storm Danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean. "
Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone. 
"Turkey is encircled by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. "
"Turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of Metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined. "
"Turkey's area, including lakes, occupies 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) are in south west Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) in Europe. "
Turkish Airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 African countries as of 2014. 
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with the Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou. 
Two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight. 
"Two thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture. "
"Typical for Norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau. "
"Typical for the period, Kirby Muxloe Castle is more of a fortified house than a true castle. "
Unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats. 
"Unfortunately, when you make a DVD, it's borders will most likely be cut too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom, they won't be fully shown. "
"Unless you are a diplomat, working overseas generally means that you will have to file income tax in the country you are based in. "
"Unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations. "
"Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees. "
"Until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the IM market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the United States. "
Unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti. 
Using GPS navigation apps on your smartphone can be the easiest and most convenient way to navigate when out of your home country. 
Vautier's achievements outside of directing include a hunger strike in 1973 against what he viewed as political censorship. 
"Victoria Falls is a town in the western portion of Zimbabwe, across the border from Livingstone, Zambia, and near Botswana. "
"Vikings used the Russian waterways to get to the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. Parts of these routes can still be used. Check possible need for special permits, which may be difficult to get. "
"Virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of Northern Rock, not the asset management company. "
Visa requirements and costs vary from nation to nation and are affected by the country you come from. 
"Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes. "
Visitors with limited time would be best to spend their time elsewhere. 
Volunteering while travelling is a great way to make a difference but it's not just about giving. 
Water is another example. The compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. 
We experience time as a series of events passing from the future through the present to the past. 
"We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover. "
"We know many Greek politicians, scientists, and artists. Possibly the most known person of this culture is Homer, the legendary blind poet, who composed two masterpieces of Greek literature: the poems Iliad and Odyssey. "
"We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house. "
"What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word cella, meaning small room, and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork. "
When all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic. 
"When asked what the father said, she answered He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking. "
"When low tide opened a gap along the Mystic River along the northeast of the peninsula, they quickly extended the fence with a short stone wall to the north ending at the water's edge on a small beach. "
"When people don't see moose as potentially dangerous, they may approach too closely and put themselves at risk. "
"When the capsule gets to Earth and enters the atmosphere, at about 5am (eastern time), it is expected to put on quite a light show for folks in Northern California, Oregon, Nevada, and Utah. "
When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic. 
"When the official arrived, the apartment exploded. "
"When the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town. "
"When you travel, expect things not to be like they are back home. Manners, laws, food, traffic, lodging, standards, language and so on will to some extent differ from where you live. "
"When you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special. "
"While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified. "
"While assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization. "
"While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportaion Authority made the closure with the urging of the FBI. "
"While immigration check is usually absent or a formality when you arrive in your homeland, customs control can be a hassle. "
"While it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint. "
"While listening to individuals share their individual, family, and organizational stories, we gained valuable insight into the past and some of the personalities who influenced for good or ill the culture of the organization. "
"While most cards are good for calling anywhere, some specialise in providing favourable call rates to specific groups of countries. "
"While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer Xavier Zayat. "
"While they are usually privately owned, they sometimes accommodate visiting heads of state and other dignitaries. "
"While this is a very common activity, it is prohibited by Disney: the tickets are non-transferable. "
"While understanding one’s history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization. "
"While you may hear the word used by Greenlandic Natives, its use should be avoided by foreigners. "
"While you may not need a visa for short visits to certain countries as a tourist or for business, going there as an international student generally requires a longer stay than going there just as a casual tourist. "
Whistler (1.5 hour drive from Vancouver) is expensive but well-known because of the 2010 Winter Olympics. 
"Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. The environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile. "
"Wildlife is among the most challenging motifs for a photographer, and needs a combination of good luck, patience, experience and good equipment. "
"Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but like photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words. "
"Wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens, though things like a flock of birds or a tiny creature need other lenses. "
"With Armenian backing, a new republic was created. However, no established nation - not even Armenia - officially recognizes it. "
"With fewer REMs per night, this state in which you experience actual sleep and your body recovers becomes infrequent enough to become a problem. "
"With roots in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague based in Prague and others. "
"With the battle for France over, Germany began to get ready to invade the island of Britain. "
"With the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity. "
"With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as Hawaii down under. "
"With this arrangement in place, this freedom might end. "
"Within a few short years following the arrival of European explorers, the population of Tainos had significantly been reduced by the Spanish conquerors "
"Written words are often easier to understand than spoken words, also. This is especially true of addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce intelligibly. "
"Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as King Tut or The Boy King, is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times. "
"Yesterday, the post office released their apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year postcards, which weren't delivered to their intended recipients. "
You are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the Falls. 
You can mark the passing of time yourself by observing the repetition of a cyclical event. A cyclical event is something that happens again and again regularly. 
"You could find yourself being used as a drug carrier without your knowledge, which will land you in a great deal of trouble. "
You need to notice the victim's position as you approach him or her and any automatic red flags. 
You should choose your Frequent Flyer airline in an alliance carefully. 
"Your hotel or hosts (if staying in a guesthouse or private home) will likely have wifi or an internet connected PC, and all settlements have an internet cafe or some location with public wifi. "
Your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. A round/onward trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay. 
Zayat was unhurt in the accident. 
"his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that milestone. "
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine. 
"It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah, Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said. "
"Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting."
"Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence."
"If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy Mr Costello said."
"It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible, said a government spokesperson."
It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is.
"Luckily nothing happened to me, but I saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out."
"Panama Papers is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016."
Some may not agree but I don't care.
"Thanks for those who supported a convict like me, Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference."
The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority.
"We were all simply in shock, the mother stated."
"2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion."
21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City last year in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million.
"250 years later, Guinness has grown to a global business that turns over 10 billion euros (US$14.7 billion) every year."
"28-year-old Vidal had joined Barça three seasons ago, from Sevilla."
"800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System were closed down following a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska."
A Hangi Meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
A Triceratops could have used its strong beak to strip off the leaves before eating the trunk.
"A World's Fair (commonly called World Exposition, or simply Expo) is large international festival of arts and sciences."
"A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle had not yet been invented, so the Assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses."
A cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living (things) organism.
A change was made this legislative session when the second sentence was deleted first by the House of Representatives and then was passed in a similar form by the Senate Monday.
A contagious disease is a disease which is easily transmitted by being in the vicinity of an infected person.
A couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter.
"A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show Zoungla in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption."
"A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said."
"A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.'"
A hospitality exchange network is the organization that connects travelers with locals in the cities they are going to visit.
"A hostel collapsed in Mecca, the holy city of Islam at about 10 o'clock this morning local time."
"A listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers."
"A person who weighs 200 pounds (90kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16kg) on Io. So the gravity, of course, pulls less on you."
A population is the collection of organisms of a particular species within a given geographic area.
A power failure following a routine fire-command system test caused relief valves to open and crude oil overflowed near the Fort Greely pump station 9.
"A tornado is a spinning column of very low-pressure air, which sucks the surrounding air inward and upward."
"A traveller with piles of money might consider a round the world flight, broken up with stays in many of these hotels."
A triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots.
A visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the lake.
ADD affects relationships with other peers because other children can not understand why they act the way that they do or why they spell they way they do or that their maturity level is different.
AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join.
About ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared.
"About three thousand years later, in 1610, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does."
Access to these services is often through a toll-free telephone number that can be called from most phones without charge.
"Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety."
"According to Ansa, police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession."
"According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak."
"According to the story, his motivation was fame at any cost. The Ephesians, outraged, announced that Herostratus' name never be recorded."
"Accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed."
After hundreds of hours of operation the filament in the bulb eventually burns out and the light bulb no longer works.
"After initial military setbacks, Ethelred was able to agree to terms with Olaf, who returned to Norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success."
"After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam."
"After the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of Bhutan's most sensational attractions."
"After the match, King of Clay said, I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this."
"After you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website."
"Airlines such as Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways & Turkish Airlines have greatly expanded their services to Africa, and offer connections to many major African cities at competitive rates than other European airlines."
"Airlines that offer these include Air Canada, Delta Air Lines, Lufthansa for flights originating from the U.S. or Canada, and WestJet."
Al Gore and General Tommy Franks casually rattle off their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion reported he and Tipper were having the best sex of their lives after his 2000 Electoral College defeat).
"Alexander, as king, offered to pay to rebuild the temple, but his offer was denied. Later, after Alexander died, the temple was rebuilt in 323 BCE."
"Already reporting in English and Japanese, the global organization is launching Spanish, Italian, and Korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices."
Also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help.
"Also, in warmer climates bacteria both grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body."
"Although Chile declared independence in 1810 (amid the Napoleonic wars that left Spain without a functioning central government for a couple of years), decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818."
"Although in the end, Krushchev sent in tanks to restore order, he did give way to some economic demands and agreed to appoint the popular Wladyslaw Gomulka as the new prime minister."
"Although in theory they can take place annually (so long as they are in different countries), in practice they are not."
"Although its physical state may change, its chemical state remains the same."
"Although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations."
"Although some scholars speculate that since the civilisation also existed in the basins of the now dried up Sarasvati River, it should be aptly called the Indus-Sarasvati Civilization, while some call it the Harappan Civilization after Harappa, the first of its sites to be excavated in the 1920s."
"Although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance."
"Among these abilities, understanding the intention of others is crucial. It allows us to resolve possible ambiguities of physical actions."
"An Avenger class mine countermeasures ship, the ship was on its way to Puerto Princesa in Palawan."
"An additional 300 brings the total to 1,300 carriages to be acquired to relieve overcrowding."
"An immigration checkpoint is usually the first stop when disembarking from a plane, a ship, or another vehicle."
"An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, where the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry."
"An infectious disease is one that is caused by a pathogen, such as a virus, bacterium, fungus or other parasites."
An inquiry was established to investigate.
An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
"And then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the Mara river, after the rains in around April."
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs.
"Animals are found all over the earth. They dig in the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky."
Animals are made of many cells. They eat things and digest them inside. Most animals can move.
Another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower.
"Another famous Greek is a mathematician Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles."
"Another secondary containment area below the tanks capable of holding 104,500 barrels was not yet filled to capacity."
"Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole."
Any camping below the rim in Grand Canyon requires a backcountry permit.
"Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride."
Anyone interested in seeing evidence of the damage to the mummy done during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible.
Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the device by walking onto the stage and taking the iPhone out of his jeans pocket.
Architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
"Architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design."
"Arias tested positive for a mild case of the virus, Presidential Minister Rodrigo Arias said."
Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well.
"Around 11:29, the protest moved up Whitehall, past Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, passing by Aldwych and up Kingsway towards Holborn where the Conservative Party were holding their Spring Forum in the Grand Connaught Rooms hotel."
"Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany."
"Arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. About 1000 B.C., the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry."
"As a result of this, a big scandal within the Greek legal community has been raised through the exposure of illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and attorneys have done during the previous years."
"As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination."
"As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth, added Stofan."
"As mentioned above, though the word Eskimo remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada."
"As of Wednesday afternoon, the tank vents were still leaking probably from thermal expansion inside the tank."
"As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian."
As the ability to obtain knowledge and to learn changed in such a way as mentioned above the base rate at which knowledge was obtained changed.
"As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory."
"As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean."
"As time passed, many words that were borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment."
"As well as a former Olympic and World champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death."
"As with respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in hot climates are fairly common and in most cases are distinctly annoying but not really dangerous."
Asynchronous communication encourages time for reflection and reaction to others.
"At 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up."
"At 1:15 a.m. Saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it."
"At a minimum, you need footwear with suitable soles. Summer shoes are usually very slippery on ice and snow, even some winter boots are deficient."
"At exactly 8:46 a.m. a hush fell across the city, marking the exact moment the first jet struck its target."
"At home, due to this constant exposure to the local germs, odds are very high that you're already immune to them."
"At its peak, Tropical Cyclone Gonu, named for a bag of palm leaves in the language of the Maldives, reached sustained winds of 240 kilometers an hour (149 miles per hour) ."
"At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year."
"At the edge of glaciers huge blocks break loose, fall down and perhaps jump or roll farther from the edge."
"At the time of the award, Atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores."
"At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area."
"At the top end, B&Bs obviously compete mainly on two main things: bedding and breakfast."
Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits.
"Attention Deficit Disorder is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy."
"Australia's former conservative government refused to ratify Kyoto, saying it would damage the economy with its heavy reliance on coal exports, while countries like India and China were not bound by emissions targets."
Authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest.
Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created with the intent of facilitating communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating.
"Avalanches are not an abnormality; steep slopes can hold only so much slow, and the excess volumes will come down as avalanches."
"Based on Fray Bartolomé de las Casas (Tratado de las Indias) between 1492 and 1498 the Spanish conquerors killed around 100,000 Taínos."
"Basically you'll be putting up notices offering your help, pacing the docks, approaching people cleaning their yachts, trying to make contact with sailors in the bar, etc."
"Basically, they fall into two categories: Either work while you travel or try and limit your expenses. This article is focused on the latter."
Batten was ranked 190th on the 2008 400 Richest Americans list with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion.
Be assured that once you hit the marinas everything will be pretty obvious. You will meet other boat hitchhikers and they will share their information with you.
Be sure the agent through whom you book is a Galapagos specialist with a good knowledge of a wide variety of ships.
"Beaches, theme parks and camp grounds are often the most common places frequented by recreational tourists."
"Because calls are routed over the Internet, you do not need to use a phone company located where you live or where you travel."
"Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them."
"Because the bottom of the blade is slightly curved, as the blade tilts to one side or the other, the edge which is in contact with the ice also curves."
"Before the Spanish arrived in the 16th century, northern Chile was under Inca rule while the indigenous Araucanians (Mapuche) inhabited central and southern Chile."
Beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies and the indoor ice events.
"Besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the Indian national flag, painted on all sides."
"Besides white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country is home to the oldest European city in the Americas, now part of Santo Domingo."
Beware: small-town bars here are not always good places for the out-of-state visitor to hang out.
"Bird flu, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals."
Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
Blood goes away from the heart in tubes called arteries and comes back to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries.
Boomerang throwing is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire.
"Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident green card."
"Born in the Croatian capital, Zagreb, Bobek gained fame while playing for Partizan Belgrade."
Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games.
"Bowen Island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more."
"Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country."
Breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish.
British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this.
"But in other parts of the world, where the bacteriological fauna are new to you, you're far more likely to run into problems."
But is our imagination based on reality? Why were castles built in the first place? How were they designed and built?
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel.
"But, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. The stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are neighbors."
"Buying food in supermarkets is usually the cheapest way to get fed. Without cooking opportunities, choices are however limited to ready-made food."
"By early today, winds were around 83 km/h, and it was expect to keep weakening."
"CafeNet El Sol offers a reservation service for a fee of US$30, or $10 for one-day passes; details on their Corcovado page."
Callejon del Beso (Alley of the Kiss). Two balconies separated by only 69 centimeters is home of an old love legend.
"Canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water."
"Canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example)."
"Car camping is possible if you have a large minivan, SUV, Sedan or Station Wagon with seats that lay down."
"Carrying for others - Never let your bags out of your sight, especially when you are crossing international borders."
Cell comes from the Latin word cella which means small room.
"Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as the building blocks of life."
Charles was the first member of the British Royal Family to be awarded a degree.
"Check with the institution, as well as the immigration department for the country you wish to study in for detailed requirements."
Chiao and Sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters.
Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior.
"Children with ADD have a hard time focusing on things like school work, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy doing like playing games or watching their favorite cartoons or writing sentences without punctuation."
China's GDP could be larger than the United States within two decades.
"Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism."
"Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso located in the Italian region of Liguria."
"Coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region."
Cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face.
"Compared to most of the other royal tombs, however, the tomb of Tutankhamun is barely worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration."
Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
"Consider getting an eye exam at home, especially if insurance covers it, and bringing the prescription along to be filed elsewhere."
"Construction is ongoing for five new skyscrapers at the site, with a transportation center and memorial park in the middle."
Convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution.
Couchsurfing was founded in January 2004 after computer programmer Casey Fenton found a cheap flight to Iceland but did not have a place to stay.
"Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no rough areas."
Cuban citizens who are US green card holders should visit an Ecuadorian Consulate to obtain an exemption to this requirement.
Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe.
David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
Day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
Despite his comments he said he will be supporting the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics being held in London.
"Despite these accusations, Ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the Chinese mainland."
Diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
Do not sleep on a mattress or pad on the ground in areas where you do not know the local fauna.
Doctors began to be recruited by Emperor Augustus and even formed the first Roman Medical Corps for use in the aftermath of battles.
"Don't forget to add in the extra costs of additional visas, departure taxes, ground transportation, etc. for all those places outside of Africa."
Dr. Lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in Turkey have now become infected with the A(H5N1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill.
"Drink alcoholic drinks with moderation. Alcohol affects everyone differently, and knowing your limit is very important."
"Due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the Old City area, Jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in Israel."
Dump trucks were used to block tube entrances and assistance of 80 police were on hand to direct motorists to detours.
"During his 2 hour speech he stated that Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today."
"During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances."
"During the 18th century Cambodia found itself squeezed between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam."
"During the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy."
"During the summer, also watch out for the Nordic mosquitoes. Although they do not transmit any diseases, they can be irritating."
Each country also has unique laws requiring what emergency items need to be in the car.
Each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories.
Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days.
Each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library.
"Early in the nation's independence, Singapore Botanic Gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical Garden City."
Ecuador requires that Cuban citizens receive an invitation letter prior to entering Ecuador through international airports or frontier admission points.
"Eighteen holes are played during a regular round, with players usually starting on the first hole on the course and finishing on the eighteenth."
"Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy."
Elements and compounds can move from one state to another and not change.
"Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it."
England had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw.
Entering Southern Africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes.
"Especially in your initial days, consider splurging on Western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize."
"Estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language."
European Turkey (eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan peninsula) includes 3% of the country.
"Even if you're driving through the subtropical rainforest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get inside the vehicle is enough time for mosquitoes to get in the vehicle with you."
"Even standing amidst thousand year-old ruins it is easy to bring to mind the sounds and smells of battles long gone, to almost hear the clatter of hooves on the cobbles and to smell the fear rising from the dungeon pits."
Even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. Hypothermia is a real risk without warm clothing.
Every corner store is filled with a confusing array of pre-paid phone cards that can be used from pay phones or ordinary telephones.
Every train has both MetroPlus and Metro coaches; the MetroPlus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town.
"Every year around October nearly 1.5 million herbivores travel towards the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills for the rains."
"Evidence thereafter indicated test papers were tampered with Hall, along with 34 other education officials, was indicted in 2013."
"Eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower."
"Families with children are a rare sight, but some hostels do allow them in private rooms."
"Families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children."
"Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday."
"Fewer than a thousand cases have ever been reported in humans, but some of them have been fatal."
Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last July.
Fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and some relaxing chamomile tea at night.
"Fire captain Scott Kouns said, It was a hot day in the Santa Clara with temperatures in the 90s."
"First, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected."
Fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters.
"Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is almost always a bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area."
"Followers pursue certain ways of living, or practices that are intended to nurture those experiences."
Following seabed mapping the wreck was found using an ROV.
"Following the process, HJR-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislature in either 2015 or 2016 to remain in process."
"Following the race, Keselowski remains the Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points."
"For a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them."
For a few pennies some children will tell you the story.
"For a long time during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, it was believed the first inhabitants of New Zealand were the Maori people, who hunted giant birds called moas."
"For example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car."
"For instance, children who identify with a racial minority that is stereotyped as not doing well in school tend to not do well in school once they learn about the stereotype associated with their race."
"For most countries, you will need an offer letter from the institution you wish to study at, and also evidence of funds to support yourself for at least the first year of your course."
"For one thing, northern New Mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars."
"For that reason, everything you see on the TV had the borders cut, top, bottom and sides."
"For that, they had to get rid of British bases and ships in Egypt. Besides those actions, Italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else."
"For the first time, last year China exported more cars than Germany and surpassed the United States as the biggest market for this industry."
"For those unfamiliar with medical jargon, the words infectious and contagious have distinct meanings."
"For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a trek up the Sea to Sky corridor is essential."
"For those willing to sacrifice comfort, time and predictability to push expenses down close to zero, see minimum budget travel."
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote.
Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent.
Fossil hand bones two million to three million years old reveal this shift in specialization of the hand from locomotion to manipulation.
"Four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of MRI."
Fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest.
"Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W."
French law was changed. His activism went back to age 15 when he joined the French Resistance during World War II.
"General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over the Assunpink Creek and prevent any enemy troops from escaping."
"General John Cadwalder would launch a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, in order to block off any reinforcements."
German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines.
"Germany code-named the attack Operation Sealion. Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak."
Getting into your own car and heading off on a long road trip has an intrinsic appeal in its simplicity.
"Given how remote many of the pueblos are, you won't be able to find a significant amount of nightlife without traveling to Albuquerque or Santa Fe."
Golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls into holes.
Greed and selfishness will always be with us and it is the nature of cooperation that when the majority benefit there will always be more to gain in the short term by acting selfishly
Gridley or Stark placed a stake about 100 feet (30 m) in front of the fence and ordered that no one fire until the regulars passed it.
Hangeul is the only purposely invented alphabet in popular daily use. The alphabet was invented in 1444 during the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450).
"Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the cloud)."
He also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the Roe decision depended upon.
"He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the settled law of the land, emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings."
He died in Osaka on Tuesday.
He documented himself in a 1998 book.
He emailed students at the local university and received an overwhelming number of offers for free accommodation.
He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences of the University of Virginia in 1950 and was a significant donor to that institution.
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers.
"He has also been accused previously of copyright infringement, but was not charged."
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
"He originally named the Hangeul alphabet Hunmin Jeongeum, which means the correct sounds for the instruction of the people."
"He received the Hero of the Soviet Union, the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work."
He recently lost against Raonic in the Brisbane Open.
He was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
"He went on to say, This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."
He would need to be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and it was his own car that he was trying to break into.
"Heels should be low and wide. Sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often scattered on roads or paths to improve traction."
Helicopters rescued the twelve crewmembers and the only injury was a broken nose.
Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is a cousin of Velociraptor .
"High-end brand-name frames available in such areas may have two problems; some may be knock-offs, and the real imported ones may be more expensive than at home."
"Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails."
"Hindi and Urdu are similar in vocabulary but different in script; in everyday conversations, speakers of both languages can usually understand each other."
"His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group."
"Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others."
Hostels cater primarily to young people – a typical guest is in their twenties – but you can often find older travellers there too.
"How would Io's gravity pull on me? If you stood on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than you do on Earth."
However in 991 Ethelred was faced with a Viking fleet larger than any since Guthrum's a century earlier.
"However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge where he studied Anthropology and Archaeology, and later History, earning a 2:2 (a lower second class degree)."
"However, Star Alliance covers everything except the eastern South Pacific from Santiago de Chile to Tahiti, which is a LATAM Oneworld flight."
"However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain."
"However, in June 1956, Krushchev's promises were put to the test when riots in Poland, where workers were protesting against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against Communism."
"However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means come over, similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose."
"However, nearly all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them bring in name-brand entertainment (primarily the large ones immediately surrounding Albuquerque and Santa Fe)."
"However, new evidence suggests that the Moriori were a group of mainland Maori who migrated from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands, developing their own distinctive, peaceful culture."
"However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and legal walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags."
"However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many tombs of the past were robbed, this tomb was left virtually undisturbed."
"However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe in the late 16th century."
"However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."
"However, they have a different kind of beauty and charm during winter, with many hill stations receiving healthy amounts of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding."
"However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars."
"However, very few Royal Navy ships were based near the likely invasion routes as the admirals were afraid they would be sunk by German air attack."
Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance.
Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis.
Humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others.
Humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves.
Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
I am happy that there are people willing to support me.
"I expect to return to all my duties on Monday, Arias said in a statement."
"If confirmed, the find completes Allen's eight-year search for the Musashi."
"If just taking a photo of something isn't allowed, then you shouldn't even think of recording a video of it."
If the objective of one’s visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism.
If traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock.
"If traveling with a laptop or tablet, store a copy in its memory or disc (accessible without the internet)."
"If using a drone, check well in advance as to what you are allowed to film and what permits or additional licensing are required."
"If you are going to camp out, bring a camp cot or hammock to keep you away from snakes, scorpions and such."
"If you don't have a data connection for your phone, or when it is out of range, their performance can be limited or unavailable."
"If you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse."
"If you have additional travel time, check to see how your total fare quote to Africa compares with a round-the-world fare."
"If you live in a city with a varied drinking culture, go to bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent."
"If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls."
"If you visit Greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing."
"If you want to fly around the world completely in the Southern Hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations is limited due to the lack of transoceanic routes."
"If you want to learn throwing a boomerang that comes back to your hand, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning."
"If you want to see the world on the cheap, for necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are some ways to do that."
"If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies:"
"Illegal spirits can contain various dangerous impurities including methanol, which can cause blindness or death even in small doses."
"Imagine, if you will, a Mancunian, Bostonian, Jamaican and Sydneysider sitting around a table having dinner at a restaurant in Toronto."
"In 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the Drukgyal Dzong to remain, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal."
In 1957 Luxembourg became a founding member of the organization which is today known as the European Union.
"In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first whole-body MRI scanner, which he called the Indomitable."
"In 1981, Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the nation's national flower."
"In 1994, the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan waged war against the Azeris."
In 1995 he was voted the best player in Partizan's history.
In 2009 she was awarded the title of National Superintendent of the Year.
"In 2010, while nationalised, the current high street bank Northern Rock plc was split from the ‘bad bank’, Northern Rock (Asset Management)."
"In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner."
"In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors."
"In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices."
In Rogaland and Agder they are usually called hei meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather.
"In addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts."
"In addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of flexible working hours. (Bremer, 1998)"
"In all cases, you must book by phone directly with the airline."
"In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the Italian Tenth Army's Engineer-in-Chief, General Lastucci."
"In developed countries today, providing deluxe bed and breakfasts has been raised to a sort of art-form."
"In essence, the Renaissance made a significant change in the approach to learning and the dissemination of knowledge."
"In fact, region codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disk will play just fine on any device where the original will."
"In fact, there is not one good thing to learn.Learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented."
"In general, staying in any foreign country for an extended period of time will require you to obtain a visa in advance."
"In his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class."
"In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day."
"In many countries with such a law, local hotels will handle the registration (make sure to ask)."
"In many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating hello."
"In other cases, only those staying outside of tourist accommodations need to register.  However, this makes the law much more obscure, so find out beforehand."
"In particular, the numbering system in French-speaking Belgium and Switzerland has some slight peculiarities that are different from the French spoken in France, and the pronunciation of some words is slightly different."
"In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to camp."
"In some countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices."
In some cross-border trains inspections are done on the running train and you should have valid ID with you when boarding one of those trains.
"In some federal countries, such as the United States and Canada, income tax is levied both at the federal level and at the local level, so the rates and brackets can vary from region to region."
"In summer, especially, you'll need to watch out for mosquitoes if you decide to hike through the rainforest."
"In the 1480s, when its construction was begun by Lord Hastings, the country was relatively peaceful and defense was only required against small bands of roving marauders."
In the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent Algeria to teach film directing.
"In the beginning of the war they mostly travelled on top of the sea, but as radar began developing and becoming more accurate the submarines were forced to go under water to avoid being seen."
"In the heat of the day, travelers can experience mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things)."
"In the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged."
In the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
"In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day."
"In the past 20 years, the amount of child-friendly options in Uptown Charlotte has grown exponentially."
"In the rainy season (November to March), the water volume will be higher and the Falls will be more dramatic."
"In the winter, enjoy some of the best skiing in North America, and in the summer try some authentic mountain biking."
"In the year 1970, Raymond Damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis."
"In third, Hamlin is twenty points behind, but five ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points."
"In this instance, recalling previous instances of entrepreneurial behavior and resulting successes helped people to be open to new changes and new direction for the local church."
"In this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause atoms to give off tiny radio signals."
"Income tax is structured differently in different countries, and the tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another."
Increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied section of ready-made food. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food.
Individuals who had been involved for several decades helped us appreciate our strengths and passions while candidly assessing difficulties and even failures.
Inland Antarctica is a desolate plateau covered by 2-3 km of ice.
"Interactive design requires that components of a project connect to each other, but also make sense as a separate entity."
Interactive design requires that you re-assess your assumptions about media production and learn to think in a non-linear ways.
"Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists."
"International Horticultural Expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants."
"Internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. Most of them operate independently."
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot.
It allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information.
It can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere since many volunteer jobs provide room and board and a few pay a small salary.
It can be better to use an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours.
It can be customized to make it easy to read and also with as much or little color as desired.
"It can save money over buying new maps for a GPS, or a standalone GPS device or renting one from a car rental company."
"It can usually be replenished fairly easily if you run out, and gives resolution roughly comparable to a current DSLR."
"It had a weaker army and a weaker navy, although they had just built four new ships right before the beginning of the war."
"It has the same molecular structure whether it is a gas, liquid, or solid."
It is an archipelago with 15 islands spread out over 2.2 million km2 of ocean.
"It is assigned to the U.S. Navy’s Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan."
"It is believed by some, including John Grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series."
"It is not a learning disability, it is a learning disorder; it affects 3 to 5 percent of all children, perhaps as many as 2 million American children."
It is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court.
"It is possible to secure park permits directly from the Ranger Station in Puerto Jiménez, but they do not accept credit cards"
"It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the Tibetan-Mongol forces."
It is the biggest acquisition in eBay's history.
"It looks a bit daunting from below, and it is a steep and difficult ascent, but most reasonably fit persons should be able to make it in about 45 minutes."
"It now functions as the central plaza, and always has a lot of things going on, day and night."
It seems actually to be more a way of tricking people into believing they have to pay more.
It was based on the German alphabet and one character Õ/õ was added.
It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to help inexperienced folders or those with limited motor skills.
"It was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses."
"It's compacted snow with crevasses filled in and marked by flags. It can only be traveled by specialized tractors, hauling sleds with fuel and supplies."
"Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the Mediterranean Sea and invade Africa."
"Its a very complex entity which consists, according to a simplified Bohr model, of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, somewhat similar to planets orbiting the sun - see Figure 1.1."
Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
"Its frequent portrayal in music, films, literature and popular culture has helped make the city and its landmarks known throughout the world."
Its large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long.
"Its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported."
"Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means western claw."
"Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54."
"Jardín de la Unión. This space was built as the atrium for a 17th-century convent, of which the Templo de San Diego is the sole surviving building."
Jarque was practicing during pre-season training at Coverciano in Italy earlier in the day. He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
"Jerusalem has many historic, archeological and cultural sites, along with vibrant and crowded shopping centers, cafés, and restaurants."
"Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, though most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as Israel's capital."
"John Grant, from WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's home station) said Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read,... the love of reading — [the show] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read."
Joining such a network usually just requires filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification.
"Jonny Reid, co-driver for the A1GP New Zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old Auckland Harbour Bridge, New Zealand, legally."
"Just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in Whitehall."
"Karno is a well-known but controversial English tutor who taught under Modern Education and King's Glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career."
Keep in mind while planning that although Southern Africa is stable not all neighboring countries are.
"Kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities."
King Sejong was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded.
Komen's policy disqualified Planned Parenthood due to a pending investigation on how Planned Parenthood spends and reports its money that is being conducted by Representative Cliff Stearns.
"Lake Onega is also connected to Volga, so coming from the Caspian Sea through Russia is still possible."
"Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now."
"Last week, Naked News announced that it would dramatically increase its international language mandate to news reporting, with three new broadcasts."
Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the process of joining ACTA.
"Lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries."
"Learning to create interactive media requires conventional and traditional skills, as well as tools mastered in interactive classes (storyboarding, audio and video editing, story telling, etc.)"
"Leonov, also known as cosmonaut No. 11, was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts."
"Leslie Aun, a spokesperson for the Komen Foundation, said the organization adopted a new rule that does not allow grants or funding to be awarded to organizations that are under legal investigation."
Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the little brother of Germany and Japan.
"Living and volunteering in a foreign country is a great way to get to know a different culture, meet new people, learn about yourself, get a sense of perspective and even gain new skills."
Local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding.
Lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save Afghans the expense and security risk of another election.
"Long before The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson envisioned a publication that would parody the news—and news reporting—when they were students at UW in 1988."
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both World War I and World War II by Germany.
"MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University)."
"Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport."
Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you.
Make sure you know what you can and cannot bring in and declare anything over the legal limits.
Make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers.
"Many a stable, capable traveler has been overcome by the newness of developing world travel, where many little cultural adjustments can add up quickly."
Many buildings are quite beautiful to look at and the view from a tall building or from a cleverly-positioned window can be a beauty to behold.
"Many entire nations are completely fluent in English, and in even more you can expect a limited knowledge - especially among younger people."
"Many exotic animals are hard to find, and parks sometimes have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes."
"Many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases."
Many of their writers have gone on to wield great influence on Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's news parody shows.
"Many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and explore other worlds, some people wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life may live on another plant."
Many tickets sold online through auction websites such as eBay or Craigslist are partially used multi-day park-hopper tickets.
"Maroochydore had finished on top of the ladder, six points clear of Noosa in second."
Maroochydore then defeated Caboolture in the Preliminary Final.
Massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
"Maybe one day, your great grandchildren will be standing atop an alien world wondering about their ancient ancestors?"
"MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in Europe."
MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in and around Cape Town: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class).
"Middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate."
Modern Education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorisation and lying by saying that he was the chief English tutor.
"Moose (also known as elk) aren't inherently aggressive, but will defend themselves if they perceive a threat."
"Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour."
Most boomerangs available in Australia are in fact non-returning. It is best for beginners to not try throwing in windy
"Most have involved people who work with poultry, but there is also some risk to birdwatchers."
"Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones."
Most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple.
"Most of the temples do have an Annual festival starting from November end to Mid of May, which varies according to each temple's annual calendar."
Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are usually full during the high season).
Most televisions are made in a way to please the general public.
"Mr Costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia should pursue its use."
"Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand's A1GP car, Black Beauty at speeds over 160km/h seven times over the bridge."
"Mr. Rudd's decision to sign the Kyoto climate accord isolates the United States, which will now be the only developed nation not to ratify the agreement."
Music is often recorded using sophisticated computers to process and mix sounds together.
MySpace is the third most popular website used in the United States and has 54 million profiles currently.
"Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of religious belief and worship by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly those of a peaceful, insightful, blissful, or even ecstatic character."
"Mysticism is the pursuit of communion with, identity with, or conscious awareness of an ultimate reality, divinity, spiritual truth, or God."
Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
Nadal's head to head record against the Canadian is 7–2.
"Nadia, born on September 17, 2007, by Cesarean section at a maternity clinic in Aleisk, Russia, weighed in at a massive 17 pounds 1 ounce."
"Natural factors can intersect to produce ideal conditions, allowing this algae to increase in number dramatically."
"Nevertheless, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the standard French numbering system."
"Nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing."
News spread in the Red Lake community today as funerals for Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims were held that another student was arrested in connection with the school shootings of March 21.
Nigeria previously announced it planned to join the AfCFTA in the week leading up to the summit.
Nitrogen as a gas still has the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is denser but the molecules are still the same.
No airline alliance covers all three ocean crossings in the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam covers none of the crossings).
"No major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock."
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
No one was inside the apartment.
Northern Rock had required support due to its exposure during the subprime mortgage crisis in 2007.
Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks.
"Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain."
Nowadays air travel is only rarely booked directly through the airline without first searching and comparing prices.
"Occasional specialist air tours go inland, for mountaineering or to reach the Pole, which has a large base."
"Of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards."
"Often, you have to buy a global number separately that allows PSTN phones to call you. Where the number is from makes a difference for people calling you."
"On June 28, Marshal Italo Balbo, the Governor-General of Libya and apparent heir to Mussolini, was killed by friendly fire while landing in Tobruk."
"On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or spacewalk, remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes."
"On Monday, scientists from the Stanford University School of Medicine announced the invention of a new diagnostic tool that can sort cells by type: a tiny printable chip that can be manufactured using standard inkjet printers for possibly about one U.S. cent each."
"On October 7 an engine separated on takeoff, without injuries. Russia briefly grounded Il-76s after that accident."
"On September 24, 1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the St James' Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland."
"On Wednesday, the United States' National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding COVID-19."
"On night sleeper trains, passports may be collected by the conductor so that you do not have your sleep interrupted."
"On the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the bellows with more pressure or speed."
"On the other hand, it is precisely because the volume of water is so high that your viewing of the actual Falls will be obscured—by all the water!"
"One of strong points of Charlotte, North Carolina, is that it has an abundance of high-quality options for families."
One of the most common problems when trying to convert a movie to DVD format is the overscan.
"One of the most prominent apps in this category is Google Translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data."
"One of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window, said survivor Franciszek Kowal."
"One of the world's richest people, Allen has reportedly invested much of his wealth in marine exploration and began his quest to find the Musashi out of a lifelong interest in the war."
"Only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly discount the cost of last-minute funeral travel."
"Only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains)."
"Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured PA sessions."
"Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover."
"Other scientists argue that these plants are very poisonous so it is unlikely that any dinosaur ate them, even though today the sloth and other animals like the parrot (a descendant of the dinosaurs) can eat poisonous leaves or fruit."
"Other skiing events will be at the Taizicheng ski area in Zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 miles) from Beijing."
"Our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point."
"Out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin."
Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom;
Over 60 cruise ships ply the Galapagos waters - ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers.
"Over multiple centuries, the Roman empire led to great gains in the field of medicine and formed much of the knowledge we know today."
"Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the rugged, steep landscape right up to the cliffs that overlook the sea."
"Part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development. Paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside."
Participating countries present artistic and educational displays in national pavilions to showcase world issues or their country's culture and history.
Passengers were given water as they waited in 90(F)-degree heat.
"People were hitting the panes with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable."
"People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems and work on scientific tests."
Perhaps the most common type of tourism is what most people associate with traveling: Recreation tourism.
"Permits are limited to protect the canyon, and become available on the 1st day of the month, four months prior to the start month."
Permits must be reserved in advance. You must have a permit to stay overnight at Sirena.
"Perry specifically said, There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."
Personal VPN (virtual private network) providers are an excellent way of circumventing both political censorship and commercial IP-geofiltering.
"Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia."
"Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, has died after being involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway."
Phases happen because only the side of Venus (or of the Moon) facing the Sun is lighted. The phases of Venus supported the theory of Copernicus that the planets go around the Sun.
"Phnom Krom, 12 km southwest of Siem Reap. This hilltop temple was built at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman."
Photons are even smaller than the stuff that makes up atoms!
"Piquet Jr. crashed in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix just after an early pit stop for Fernando Alonso, bringing out the safety car."
Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Pittman suggested that conditions wouldn't improve until sometime next week.
Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued Provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
Possible long term health events from excessive drinking can include liver damage and even blindness and death. The potential danger is increased when consuming illegally produced alcohol.
Present-day parts of Belgium were part of Luxembourg in the past but became Belgian after the 1830s Belgian Revolution.
"Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance."
"Proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness."
Protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the National Congress in November.
"Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland."
Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. The electrons have a negative electric charge.
"Pureland origami is origami with the restriction that only one fold may be done at a time, more complex folds like reverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have straightforward locations."
RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia.
Real-time text translator apps – applications that are capable of automatically translating whole segments of text from one language into another.
"Red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of Karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism."
"Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part."
"Registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. In some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities."
"Residents from other areas often cite family-friendliness as a primary reason for moving there, and visitors often find the city easy to enjoy with children around."
"Robert Hooke, a biologist from England, saw small squares in cork with a microscope."
"Roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases."
"Rules regarding regular photography also apply to video recording, possibly even more so."
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
"San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities."
"San Francisco is also one of the best places in the nation for other Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian, and Japanese."
"Sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served to be the source for many modern Indian languages, just like Latin is the source for European languages like French and Spanish."
Sanskrit is an ancient language and is comparable to the Latin language spoken in Europe.
"Schumacher who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times, was due to replace the injured Felipe Massa."
Scientists are working to create a reactor that can make energy in the same way.
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict that Danielle will strengthen to a hurricane by Wednesday.
"Scientists call this process stimulated emission of radiation because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation."
Scientists have discovered landforms littered across the moon's surface called lobate scarps that have apparently resulted from the moon's shrinking very slowly.
Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring.
"Seeing the sites and wildlife of the Galapagos is best done by boat, just as Charles Darwin did it in 1835."
Setting up a tent on private property or in a town of any size can easily attract unwanted attention.
"Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2,243."
"Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere."
She gained critical acclaim during her time in Atlanta and was recognized for innovative urban education.
"She said, There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently."
"Shortly after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report showing problems with test results."
Sikhism is a religion from the Indian sub-continent. It originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century from a sectarian split within the Hindu tradition.
"Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for way of the guru. The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs."
Sikhs consider their faith to be a separate religion from Hinduism though they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions.
"Similarly, a British traveller in Spain may mistake a wave goodbye involving the palm facing the waver (rather than the person being waved at) as a gesture to come back."
"Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed Political Agents to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas."
"Since its inception, The Onion has become a veritable news parody empire, with a print edition, a website that drew 5,000,000 unique visitors in the month of October, personal ads, a 24 hour news network, podcasts, and a recently launched world atlas called Our Dumb World."
"Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club."
"Since then, China's economic size has grown by 90 times."
"Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals."
Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group had a bid for the bank rejected prior to the bank’s nationalisation.
"Sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory lodging and hot meals in addition to camping. La Leona, San Pedrillo, and Los Patos offer only camping with no food service."
"So if you were standing by the shoreline, you would be able to see down to whatever pebbles or gunk that was on the bottom."
So many of us find ourselves watching a television show that informs us of a process or experience in which we will never participate or apply that knowledge.
"Some German monks wanted to bring God closer to the native people, so they invented the Estonian literal language."
"Some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole."
Some countries have exceedingly draconian punishments even for first time offenses; these can include prison sentences of over 10 years or death.
"Some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season."
"Some hotels have a heritage from the golden age of steam railways and ocean liners; before the Second World War, in the 19th or early 20th centuries."
"Some medium-format film cameras use a 6 by 6 cm format, more precisely a 56 by 56 mm negative."
Some of the applications in this category can even translate texts in foreign languages on signs or other objects in the real world when the user points the smartphone towards those objects.
Some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
"Some of the rocks, which are very rare on Earth, are being sold from US$11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times more than the cost of gold."
Some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
"Some scientists think Triceratops ate cycads, which are a type of plant that was common in the Cretaceous."
"Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted."
"Sometimes the original trigging event is the sun warming the snow, sometimes some more snowfall, sometimes other natural events, often a human."
Sometimes the same flight can have vastly differing prices at various agregators and it pays to compare search results and to also look at the website of the airline itself before booking.
"Sophisticated animations can be constructed on computers, and this kind of animation is increasingly being used in television and films."
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
"Space for the most popular areas, such as the Bright Angel Campground adjacent to Phantom Ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations."
"Squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the Olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the Olympic Games in 2005."
"Stardust will set a new all-time record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May of 1969 during the return of the Apollo X command module."
Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position.
Stars give off light and heat because of the energy made when hydrogen atoms are merged (or fused) together to form heavier elements.
"Stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood in his role as chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the House Energy and Commerce Committee."
"Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth, and Harvick round out the top-ten positions for the Drivers' Championship with four races remaining in the season."
"Stone steps are laid along most of the path, and in the steeper sections steel cables provide a supporting handrail."
Student visas generally have different requirements and application procedures from normal tourist or business visas.
"Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting until the next face-to-face meeting."
"Submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time."
Submarines were used in World War I and World War II. Back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range.
"Such success stories lessened the fears of change, while creating positive inclinations toward change in the future."
Surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them.
Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds.
"Take a look at what trips the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a shop window."
"Taxis are not generally used by families in Charlotte, though they can be of some use in certain circumstances."
"Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo–Soyuz mission symbolizing that the Space Race was over."
"Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that OHA police are also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam."
"Thanks to undersea fiber optic cable links to Europe and broadband satellite, Greenland is well connected with 93% of the population having internet access."
"That means everything has to be put back, said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw."
"That means we are able to successfully predict what other humans perceive, intend, believe, know or desire."
"That said, expect to be out of breath, and take care in the steeper portions, especially when wet, as it can become dangerous quickly."
"The typical visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home."
The 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual fertiliser cargo and initially officials feared the vessel could spill a load.
"The 30-year-old husband, who was born in Buffalo, was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not hurt."
"The ACMA also found that despite the video being streamed on the Internet, Big Brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on Big Brother's website."
The American plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions.
The Angkor Pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to Tonle Sap.
The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
"The Broadcasting Services Act provides for the regulation of Internet content, however to be considered Internet content, it must physically reside on a server."
The Canal District (Dutch: Grachtengordel) is the famous 17th-century district surrounding the Binnenstad of Amsterdam.
"The Colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements."
"The Cook Islands are an island country in free association with New Zealand, located in Polynesia, in the middle of the South Pacific Ocean."
The Cook Islands do not have any cities but are composed of 15 different islands. The main ones are Rarotonga and Aitutaki.
"The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti"
The Drukgyal Dzong is a ruined fortress and Buddhist monastery in the upper part of the Paro District (in Phondey Village).
"The Global Running Tours successor, Go Running Tours networks dozens of sightrunning providers on four continents."
"The Greek historian Strabo later noted the name, which is how we know today. The temple was destroyed on the same night that Alexander the Great was born."
"The Health Minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect."
The Icelandic Meteorological Office also reported no earthquake activity in the Hekla area in the past 48 hours.
"The Il-76 has been a major component of both the Russian and Soviet military since the 1970s, and had already seen a serious accident in Russia last month."
The Indus Valley Civilization was a Bronze Age civilisation in the northwest Indian subcontinent encompassing most of modern-day Pakistan and some regions in northwest India and northeast Afghanistan.
"The International Olympic Committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in Berlin today. Rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the Olympics."
The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
"The JAS 39C Gripen crashed onto a runway at around 9:30 am local time (0230 UTC) and exploded, closing the airport to commercial flights."
The Luno had 120–160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater.
"The Mapuche were also one of the last independent American indigenous groups, that were not fully absorbed into Spanish-speaking rule until after Chile's independence."
"The Mumbai attackers arrived via boat on Novemeber 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and hit multiple targets including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel."
The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus.
"The National Congress of Brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul."
The Nervous System maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses through out the body to keep the flow of blood going as well as undisturbed.
"The New Zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast Mr Reid was going because of how low Black Beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock Mr Reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h."
The Northern Rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the UK Government.
"The PBS show has more than two-dozen Emmy awards, and its run is shorter only than Sesame Street and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood."
The Park Service (MINAE) does not issue park permits more than one month in advance of anticipated arrival.
"The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya."
The South Pole Traverse (or Highway) is a 1600 km trail from McMurdo Station on the Ross Sea to the Pole.
"The Sun doesn't have a crust like the Earth that you can stand on. The whole Sun is made out of gases, fire, and plasma."
The Thais invaded Cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772 they destroyed Phnom Phen.
"The Twin Otter had been trying to land at Kokoda yesterday as Airlines PNG Flight CG4684, but had aborted once already."
The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up prominent landmarks in Ethiopia and Kenya.
The US Navy also said they were investigating the incident.
The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior.
"The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that extremists from Somalia are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia."
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
"The White Sea–Baltic Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes."
The actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning.
"The advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain."
The aircraft had been headed to Irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops.
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish.
"The amount and thickness of the pack ice, according to Pittman, is the worst it has been for sealers in the past 15 years."
The ancient city in the Judean Hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years.
"The approach to obtaining information was different. No longer did pressure reside within individual recall, but the ability to recall text became more of a focus."
The artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis.
The atom can be considered to be one of the fundamental building blocks of all matter.
The attack put a huge strain on relations between India and Pakistan.
The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states.
"The band canceled the show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans."
"The band's management company, HK Management Inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on September 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day."
"The believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties."
"The blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. The two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted."
The building housed a number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city at the eve of hajj pilgrimage.
The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd.
"The capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute."
The capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky.
"The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider AOL, the company who instigated the charges."
The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil.
"The cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells."
"The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the hand's use for bearing weight in knuckle walking."
"The city is holy to the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and serves as a spiritual, religious, and cultural center."
"The city of Beijing in China will be the host city of the Olympic Winter Games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter Olympics."
"The city will be the first in southeastern Europe to host CowParade, the world's largest public art event, between June and August this year."
The civilisation flourished in the basins of the Indus River wherefore it derives its name.
The clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place.
"The colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday."
"The comments, live on television, were the first time that senior Iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect."
"The commissioner said, We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020."
"The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked."
"The company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil."
"The concept was that all European nations had to seek to prevent one nation from becoming powerful, and thus national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance."
"The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as a trap dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself."
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors.
"The death toll is at least 15, a figure which is expected to rise."
"The different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally."
The disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the focal complexity and number of lens elements required to achieve a range of focal lengths is much greater than for prime lenses.
The documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
"The earliest known book in the world was written in Sanskrit. After the compilation of Upanishads, Sanskrit just faded due to hierarchy."
The easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website.
The effect is dependent on how often your brain attempts to lucidly dream per night.
"The fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer in it, but have been removed to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo."
"The failure of the second sentence, which proposes to ban same-sex civil unions, could possibly open the door for civil unions in the future."
"The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos have been imprisoned in the Athens' jail of Korydallus, as they were found guilty of graft and corruption."
The first economic reforms were made under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping.
"The focus of this mindset is speed, logic and accuracy, also identification of facts, reapplying existing techniques, gathering information."
"The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces."
"The game is played on grass, and the grass around the hole is mown shorter and called the green."
The game publisher Konami stated today in a Japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah.
The gas becomes thinner as you go farther from the center of the Sun.
"The glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. This will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges."
The gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the Tonle Sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile.
"The governor also stated, Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."
The hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner.
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial.
The hostel's guests were mostly citizens of the United Arab Emirates.
"The human hand is shorter than the foot, with straighter phalanges."
"The invention of spoke wheels made Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots."
"The island was first inhabited by the Taínos and Caribes. The Caribes were an Arawakan-speaking people who had arrived around 10,000 BCE."
The issue started on January 1st when dozens of local residents started complaining to the Obanazawa Post Office that they hadn't received their traditional and regular New Year cards.
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
The judge told Blake it was almost inevitable he was going to be sent to jail.
"The largest employment sectors are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism."
The light bulb then needs replacing. It is necessary to be careful in replacing the light bulb.
"The main assault force of 2,400 men would cross the river nine miles north of Trenton, and then split into two groups, one under Greene and one under Sullivan, in order to launch a pre-dawn attack."
The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between REM states.
"The major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood."
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
"The man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast."
"The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to prevent piracy."
The militaristic nature of the Roman empire aided in the development of medical advances.
"The modern sport of fencing is played at many levels, from students learning at a university to professional and Olympic competition."
"The most common cause for accidents in winter is slippery roads, pavements (sidewalks) and especially steps."
"The most important factor of this mindset is: there is only one correct answer. You only think of two answers, namely right or wrong."
"The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a Greenlander, in Greenland."
"The next picture shows the atoms emitting photons. Of course, in reality photons are a lot smaller than those in the picture."
The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons.
The number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
The number of users of the Yahoo! and Microsoft services combined will rival the number of AOL's customers.
"The old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character."
"The original bill was drafted by former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson."
"The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means ball of light."
"The pattern should be deep enough, 5 mm (1/5 inch) or more, and the material soft enough in cold temperatures."
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
"The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot."
"The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins."
The postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. There is no one good way to learn.
"The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as beneficial."
"The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people."
"The president's condition is stable, though he will be isolated at home for several days."
"The problem is that snow is sticky, so it needs some triggering to come down, and some snow coming down can be the triggering event for the rest."
The proposed amendment already passed both houses in 2011.
"The protest started around 11:00 local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall opposite the police-guarded entrance to Downing Street, the Prime Minister's official residence."
The religion was founded in the 15th century by Guru Nanak (1469–1539). There followed in succession a further nine gurus.
"The report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings."
The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing.
"The setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool."
The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the O to read lowercase e.
The significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
"The sport is primarily played in a duel format, one fencer dueling another."
"The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission, until the end of the spacewalk."
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
"The storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph)."
"The storm, situated about 645 miles (1040 km) west of the Cape Verde islands, is likely to dissipate before threatening any land areas, forecasters say."
"The study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers."
"The temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on July 21, 356 BCE in an act of arson committed by Herostratus."
"The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) long and 800 km (500 mi) wide, with a roughly rectangular shape."
"The theory then established the idea that the Maori people migrated from Polynesia in a Great Fleet and took New Zealand from the Moriori, establishing an agricultural society."
The tourist season for the hill stations generally peaks during the Indian summer.
"The town lies immediately next to the falls, and they are the major attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and sightseers plenty of opportunities for a longer stay."
"The traditional medieval castle has long inspired the imagination, conjuring up images of jousts, banquets and Arthurian chivalry."
"The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and more seldom gibberish), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong."
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3.
The two sides would meet in the major semi final where Noosa ran out winners by 11 points.
The typhoon is estimated to be moving toward China at eleven kph.
"The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its Moon Impact Probe (MIP), which hurtled across the surface of the Moon at 1.5 kilometres per second (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the Moon's south pole."
The use of the Internet and the World Wide Web allows learners to have access to information at all times.
"The valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons)."
"The varieties of French which are spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible."
The very long days in the summer can lead to problems getting sufficient sleep and associated health issues.
The vote must still be ratified by the full IOC at it's October meeting in Copenhagen.
The walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed.
The water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water.
"The whole district is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its unique cultural and historical value, and its property values are among the highest of the country."
"The world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers."
Then Whirling Dervishes took to the stage.
"Then, a few years later in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus."
"There are a limited number permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis."
"There are a number of restaurants surrounding the garden, and in the afternoons and evening there free concerts are often given from the central gazebo."
"There are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of going to Disney World."
"There are many different constructions of eyes, ranging in complexity depending on the requirements of the organism."
There are many different film formats that have been used over the years. Standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest.
There are many theories to how Sanskrit came into existence. One of them is about an Aryan migration from the west into India who brought their language with them.
There are many things you have to take into consideration before and when you travel somewhere.
"There are positive aspects to these websites, which include, being able to easily setup a class page which can include blogs, videos, photos, and other features."
There are varying estimates for how many people speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world.
"There is a surcharge for having more than 2 passengers, so this option might be more expensive than necessary."
"There is also no requirement that you obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can obtain a satellite Internet connection in the wilds of Chicken, Alaska and select a number which claims you're in sunny Arizona."
There is concern that patients may continue to infect more people by going through their daily routines if the flu symptoms remain mild.
There was also another tribe on the Chatham islands these were Maori who migrated away from New Zealand.
"There were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route."
"There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned."
"There's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze."
These agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services under Article 247 of the Pakistani Constitution.
These aren't very nimble so the trail has to take a long swerve around the Transantarctic Mountains to come onto the plateau.
These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992.
"These can be dangerous if the traveler pursue the mirage, wasting precious energy and remaining water."
"These children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods."
"These events normally last anywhere between three and six months, and are held on sites no smaller than 50 hectares."
"These hotels were where the rich and the famous of the day would stay, and often had fine dining and nightlife."
These monster storms have winds up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
These nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat.
"These plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves."
"These plateaus are often referred to as vidde meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse."
These requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries.
These requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit.
"These scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent."
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger.
"These websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting."
"They also said in a statement, The crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship."
They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
"They are separate from lingua francas, which are natural or organic languages that become dominant for one reason or another as means of communication between speakers of other languages."
"They are superior to web proxies for several reasons: They re-route all Internet traffic, not only http."
They became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow.
"They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become tornadoes when they touch the ground."
"They called themselves the Moriori there were a few skirmishes and in the end, the Moriori were wiped out"
They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a photon.
"They generate high winds (often 100-200 miles/hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves."
"They include financial restrictions and a ban by the European Union on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income."
They looked like rooms. He was the first person to observe dead cells
They need to show the insurer's e-mail address and international phone numbers for advice/authorizations and making claims.
They normally offer higher bandwidth and better quality of service. They are encrypted and thus harder to spy on.
"They're regaling each other with stories from their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local argot."
"Things did not go well for the Italians in North Africa almost from the start. Within a week of Italy's declaration of war on June 10, 1940, the British 11th Hussars had seized Fort Capuzzo in Libya."
"This authentic community is located in Howe Sound just off Vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing Granville Island in downtown Vancouver."
This can be done in a normal car with careful planning but a 4x4 is highly advised and many locations are only accessible with a high wheel base 4x4.
"This causes the skater to turn. If the skates tilt to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates tilt to the left, the skater turns left."
"This contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution."
"This fleet was led by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian with ambitions to reclaim his country from Danish domination."
This flight is not the only option if you want to skip the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below)
"This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor."
This gives resolution almost four times that of a 35 mm negative (3136 mm2 versus 864).
This has allowed zoom lenses to produce pictures of a quality comparable to that achieved by lenses with fixed focal length.
"This includes waiting in line, as drug-sniffing dogs could be used at any time without notice."
This is because electricity flowing into the socket where the metallic part of bulb sits can give you a severe electric shock if you touch the inside of the socket or the metal base of the bulb while it is still partly in the socket.
This is becoming less of an issue as lens manufacturers achieve higher standards in lens production.
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth.
This is just as exhausting as if you were to wake up every twenty or thirty minutes and watch TV.
This is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen. That is called overscan.
"This is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things."
"This is the first time a conviction has been gained using the legislation enacted in 2003 to curb bulk e-mail, aka spam, from unsolicited distribution into users mailboxes."
This is when people go to a place that is very different from their regular day-to-day life to relax and have fun.
"This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and comply with certain requirements."
This makes inexpensive zoom lenses hard to use in low-light conditions without a flash.
"This marked an important change, as European powers would no longer have the pretext of being religious wars. Thus, the Thirty Years' War would be the last war to be labeled a religious war."
This might require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices.
"This page can easily be accessed by providing just one web address, which makes it easy to remember and easy to type in for students who may have trouble using the keyboard or with spelling."
This theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity.
This type of thinking is associated with certain science or standard procedures.
"This way, you will tire yourself out as little as possible. Remember there's no need to hit the keys with a lot of force for extra volume like on the piano."
This will ensure that your particular interests and/or constraints are matched with the ship most suitable to them.
"This, however, is a very hard problem to solve and will take many years before we see useful fusion reactors built."
Those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement.
"Though smaller, it reminds some elderly visitors of Hawaii before statehood without all the large tourist hotels and other development."
"Thus the scourges of Delhi Belly, the Pharaoh's Curse, Montezuma's Revenge, and their many friends."
"Thus, a backcountry permit for any start date in May becomes available on 1 Jan."
"Time has been studied by religious, philosophical, and scientific scholars for thousands of years."
Time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events.
"Time is something that is all around us, and affects everything we do, yet is difficult to understand."
"To Check the victim, you must first survey the scene to ensure your safety."
"To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show Troy."
"To return to their previous energy level, they must get rid of the extra energy they got from the light."
Today's Player of the Day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
Today's announcement also extended the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund extra carriages.
"Tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 may be the most famous of the tombs in the Valley, the scene of Howard Carter's 1922 discovery of the almost intact royal burial of the young king."
"Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path."
"Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours."
"Tourist visits are costly, demand physical fitness, can only take place in summer Nov-Feb, and are largely limited to the Peninsula, Islands and Ross Sea."
Tourists may visit different landmarks of a particular country or they may simply opt to focus on just one area.
"Tours are cheaper for larger groups, so if you're by yourself or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six for a better per-person rate."
"Towering above the north end of Machu Picchu is this steep mountain, often the backdrop to many photos of the ruins."
"Traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school."
"Travel agencies have been around since the 19th century. A travel agent is usually a good option for a journey which extends beyond a traveller's previous experience of nature, culture, language or low-income countries."
Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage for many American families.
"Troops reinforcing the forward positions included the 1st and 3rd New Hampshire regiments of 200 men, under Colonels John Stark and James Reed (both later became generals)."
"Tropical Storm Danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean."
Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone.
"Turkey is encircled by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north and the Mediterranean Sea to the south."
"Turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of Metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined."
"Turkey's area, including lakes, occupies 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) are in south west Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) in Europe."
Turkish Airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 African countries as of 2014.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with the Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
Two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight.
"Two thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture."
"Typical for Norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau."
"Typical for the period, Kirby Muxloe Castle is more of a fortified house than a true castle."
Unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats.
"Unfortunately, when you make a DVD, it's borders will most likely be cut too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom, they won't be fully shown."
"Unless you are a diplomat, working overseas generally means that you will have to file income tax in the country you are based in."
"Unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations."
"Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees."
"Until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the IM market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the United States."
Unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti.
Using GPS navigation apps on your smartphone can be the easiest and most convenient way to navigate when out of your home country.
Vautier's achievements outside of directing include a hunger strike in 1973 against what he viewed as political censorship.
"Victoria Falls is a town in the western portion of Zimbabwe, across the border from Livingstone, Zambia, and near Botswana."
"Vikings used the Russian waterways to get to the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. Parts of these routes can still be used. Check possible need for special permits, which may be difficult to get."
"Virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of Northern Rock, not the asset management company."
Visa requirements and costs vary from nation to nation and are affected by the country you come from.
"Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes."
Visitors with limited time would be best to spend their time elsewhere.
Volunteering while travelling is a great way to make a difference but it's not just about giving.
Water is another example. The compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
We experience time as a series of events passing from the future through the present to the past.
"We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."
"We know many Greek politicians, scientists, and artists. Possibly the most known person of this culture is Homer, the legendary blind poet, who composed two masterpieces of Greek literature: the poems Iliad and Odyssey."
"We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house."
"What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word cella, meaning small room, and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork."
When all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic.
"When asked what the father said, she answered He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking."
"When low tide opened a gap along the Mystic River along the northeast of the peninsula, they quickly extended the fence with a short stone wall to the north ending at the water's edge on a small beach."
"When people don't see moose as potentially dangerous, they may approach too closely and put themselves at risk."
"When the capsule gets to Earth and enters the atmosphere, at about 5am (eastern time), it is expected to put on quite a light show for folks in Northern California, Oregon, Nevada, and Utah."
When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
"When the official arrived, the apartment exploded."
"When the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town."
"When you travel, expect things not to be like they are back home. Manners, laws, food, traffic, lodging, standards, language and so on will to some extent differ from where you live."
"When you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special."
"While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified."
"While assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization."
"While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportaion Authority made the closure with the urging of the FBI."
"While immigration check is usually absent or a formality when you arrive in your homeland, customs control can be a hassle."
"While it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint."
"While listening to individuals share their individual, family, and organizational stories, we gained valuable insight into the past and some of the personalities who influenced for good or ill the culture of the organization."
"While most cards are good for calling anywhere, some specialise in providing favourable call rates to specific groups of countries."
"While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer Xavier Zayat."
"While they are usually privately owned, they sometimes accommodate visiting heads of state and other dignitaries."
"While this is a very common activity, it is prohibited by Disney: the tickets are non-transferable."
"While understanding one’s history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization."
"While you may hear the word used by Greenlandic Natives, its use should be avoided by foreigners."
"While you may not need a visa for short visits to certain countries as a tourist or for business, going there as an international student generally requires a longer stay than going there just as a casual tourist."
Whistler (1.5 hour drive from Vancouver) is expensive but well-known because of the 2010 Winter Olympics.
"Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. The environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile."
"Wildlife is among the most challenging motifs for a photographer, and needs a combination of good luck, patience, experience and good equipment."
"Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but like photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words."
"Wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens, though things like a flock of birds or a tiny creature need other lenses."
"With Armenian backing, a new republic was created. However, no established nation - not even Armenia - officially recognizes it."
"With fewer REMs per night, this state in which you experience actual sleep and your body recovers becomes infrequent enough to become a problem."
"With roots in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague based in Prague and others."
"With the battle for France over, Germany began to get ready to invade the island of Britain."
"With the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity."
"With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as Hawaii down under."
"With this arrangement in place, this freedom might end."
"Within a few short years following the arrival of European explorers, the population of Tainos had significantly been reduced by the Spanish conquerors"
"Written words are often easier to understand than spoken words, also. This is especially true of addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce intelligibly."
"Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as King Tut or The Boy King, is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times."
"Yesterday, the post office released their apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year postcards, which weren't delivered to their intended recipients."
You are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the Falls.
You can mark the passing of time yourself by observing the repetition of a cyclical event. A cyclical event is something that happens again and again regularly.
"You could find yourself being used as a drug carrier without your knowledge, which will land you in a great deal of trouble."
You need to notice the victim's position as you approach him or her and any automatic red flags.
You should choose your Frequent Flyer airline in an alliance carefully.
"Your hotel or hosts (if staying in a guesthouse or private home) will likely have wifi or an internet connected PC, and all settlements have an internet cafe or some location with public wifi."
Your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. A round/onward trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay.
Zayat was unhurt in the accident.
"his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that milestone."
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
"It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah, Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said."
"He [Wales] basically lied to us from the start. First, by acting as if this was for legal reasons. Second, by pretending he was listening to us, right up to his art deletion. "
"I was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart. "
"She’s very cute and sings quite well, too, he said according to a transcript of the news conference. "
They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night. 
This is not going to be goodbye. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one. 
"We now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic, he added. "
"We will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level, Hu said. "
. Scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside. 
"108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to Baba Shyam. "
"34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last monarch. "
"A binary number can have only one of two values, i.e. 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon. "
"A car bomb detonated at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people. "
"A civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society. "
"A couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the interest of their child, to raise a baby. "
"A course will normally be from 2-5 days and will involve role play, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training. "
"A course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in far greater detail, usually with practical experience. "
A curry can be either dry or wet depending on the amount of liquid. 
"A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables. "
"A doctor who worked at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio say. "
"A former Filipino policeman has kept Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines. "
A full 20 percent of the water that pours out of the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon. 
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday. 
A person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying. 
"A satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call. "
A search of the Internet for 'Hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company. 
"A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc. "
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorean Galápagos Islands. 
"A walking safari (also called a bush walk, hiking safari, or going footing) consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days. "
"A well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human. "
"ASUS Eee PC, earlier launched world-wide for cost-saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic in 2007 Taipei IT Month. "
"Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology. "
"According to Japan's nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine has been identified at the plant. "
"According to Mick O'Flynn, the Acting Director Park Conservation and Heritage with the NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first shooting operation received comprehensive safety and training instruction. "
"According to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals! "
"According to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges. "
"According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated a tsunami was generated. There was some definite tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue. "
"According to the lawsuit, waste from the UN camp was not properly sanitized, causing bacteria to enter the tributary of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest. "
"Across the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), leaving it as the leading neurological disease in younger and middle aged adults. "
Adekoya has since been in Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged with murdering her son. 
Advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country. 
Aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour. 
"After a week of losses in the midterm election, Bush told an audience about the expansion of trade in Asia. "
"After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team. "
"After its adoption by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap. "
"After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll. "
"After seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during World War I, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future. "
"After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards. "
"After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that would spread sediment throughout the river were halted. "
"After the results came in, Gingrich lauded Santorum, but had tough words for Romney, on whose behalf negative campaign advertisements were aired in Iowa against Gingrich. "
"Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained both for civil and military operations. "
"Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly. "
All I say to people is you treat us the way we treat you. 
"All animals that originally arrived in the islands came here either by swimming, flying or floating. "
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic. 
"All nouns, alongside the word Sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence. "
"All of the cave entrances, which were named The Seven Sisters, are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter. "
"All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost. "
All these things and more highlight Ontario as what is considered quintessentially Canadian by outsiders. 
"All things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their protein problem in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today. "
Alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements on the periodic table. 
"Along the same line, men are required to wear trousers covering the knees. "
Also after the Revolution occupations were open to all male applicants allowing the most ambitious and successful to succeed. 
Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty. 
"Also blogging forces students to become more savvy about the world around them. The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004). "
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there was no Tsunami indication. 
"Also to the north visit the great Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Shrine), a place of worldwide famous Marian apparitions. "
"Also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot. "
"Although AI has a strong connotation of science fiction, AI forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation in a machine. "
"Although Winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back. "
"Although pyramid-building in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in their size and the technical excellence of their construction. "
"Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience. "
"Although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials are hoping it will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream. "
"Although three people were inside the house when the car impacted it, none of them were hurt. "
"Although wagonways merely consisted of parallel planks of wood, they allowed horses pulling them to achieve greater speeds and pull larger loads than on the slightly more rough roads of the day. "
"An example is visiting, photographing, and learning about organgatuangs in Borneo. "
An increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn. 
"An up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive. "
Ancient China had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of China or each family that was in power was a distinctive dynasty. 
Ancient Roman meals couldn't have included foods that came to Europe from America or from Asia in later centuries. 
"Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them for easy access to milk, hair, meat, and skins. "
"Angel (2006), explains the Continuum approach as a method being used to help organizations reach a higher level of performance. "
"Another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have banquets together where they would lounge on their sides while they ate their meals. "
Any amendments or requests though should be coursed through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel. 
Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training. 
"Anyone who's going to drive at high latitudes or over mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures. "
"Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000. "
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959. 
"Appropriate use of blogs can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002). "
Argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world. 
"Aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. They were earth, water, air, and fire. "
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. New Zealand's Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G. 
"Around 3 minutes into the launch, an on-board camera showed numerous pieces of insulation foam break away from the fuel tank. "
"Around 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns. "
"Around the old Medina it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists. "
"As NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatically handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; normalizing US–China relations thought the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion in Afghanistan, 1979. "
"As a result, the performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself is encouraging the audience to join in. "
"As a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need. "
"As a result, two fish species have become extinct, and two others have become endangered, including the humpback chub. "
"As knowledge of Greek declined, the West found itself cut off from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots. "
"As light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times. "
"As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again. "
"As one example, American citizens in the Middle East might face different situations from Europeans or Arabs. "
"As soon as you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normally. "
"As the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution therefore often not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars. "
"As the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance. "
"As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation and entry fees for the park. "
"At Thursday's keynote presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console. "
At one point a member of the mob waved the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles in front of the terrified Queen. 
At the beginning dress was heavily influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east. 
"At the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those surveyed believe Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believe Australia should never become a republic. "
"At the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own. "
"At the same time, the German navy, using mainly U-boats, was trying to stop this traffic. "
Atoms are so incredibly tiny that trillions of them could fit into the period at the end of this sentence. 
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. 
Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking. 
"Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign. "
"Backpacking by ski: This activity is also called backcountry ski, ski touring or ski hiking. "
"Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About a half prefer to speak Catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows Spanish. "
"Be careful not to allow fabric to become too hot (which can cause shrinkage, or in extreme cases, scorch). "
"Be firm in turning down men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it ok!). "
"Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but do have other features of feathers — barbs and barbules — the researchers inferred the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development that these other features. "
Before The Simpsons Simon had worked on several shows in various positions. 
"Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning. "
"Between 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, a fire was started by the inmates in the yard. "
"Beyond Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships. "
Biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators which will continue a period of free-running cycling even in the absence of external cues. 
"Bipedal specializations are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago. "
"Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of anarchy by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and plundered stores of consumer goods. "
"Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day. "
"Blogs can also help improve student writing. While students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that. "
"Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with a boat to every seven or eight people. "
Booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination. 
"Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few. "
"Both Assassin-bugs and Bed-bugs are nidicolous, adapted to living in nest or housing of their host. "
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food. 
Box jellyfish occur near beaches and near river estuaries from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside these times. 
"Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering entire sections of ocean, causing danger to even neutral ships. "
British pounds will generally be accepted anywhere in the islands and within Stanley credit cards and United States dollars are also often accepted. 
"Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor dead Pharaoh. "
"Buses depart the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, though most, especially those heading to the east and Jakar/Bumthang leave between 06:30 and 07:30. "
Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. 
"But Prime Minister John Howard has said the act was only to safeguard the facilities of the hospital from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, in giving an extra AUD$45 million. "
"But being placed in the high tropics just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely). "
"But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at the time. "
But the consumer market on laptop computer will be radically varied and changed after ASUS was awarded in the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award by Executive Yuan of the Republic of China. 
But there are a lot of things about birds that still look like a dinosaur. 
"But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings. "
"But, if used without further qualifiers, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island Java. "
"By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration continues till today. "
"By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian bridgehead. "
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors. 
"Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March most coronavirus-based cancellation policies don't extend to July 2020, when the Olympics had been scheduled. "
"Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. In the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures. "
Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign. 
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco. 
"Casinos typically make many efforts to maximize time and money spent by guests. Windows and clocks are usually absent, and exits can be hard to find. "
"Chambers had sued God for widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants. "
"Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is frivolous and anybody can sue anybody. "
Check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba. 
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison. 
"Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century. "
"Children are placed in Foster Care for a wide variety of reasons that range from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion. "
"Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus. "
"City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilizational culture implies the passing on of knowledge across several generations, a lingering cultural footprint and fair dissemination. "
Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist. 
"Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of granite big walls and crags. "
"Combined with its relative inaccessibility, Timbuktu has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands. "
Comets may possibly have been a source of water delivery to the earth along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life. 
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions when he spoke to Wikinews last month. 
Congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal 2005 and specified that the FBI must devote 10 agents to adult pornography. 
"Congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and, because there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its acts. "
Content theories are centered on finding what makes people tick or appeals to them. 
"Courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly. Frequently, time is very important with business documents, merchandise or spare parts for an urgent repair. "
"Crossties were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place. Gradually, however, it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a stip of iron on the top. "
"Crown Office, which is in overall charge of prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment. "
"Cuomo, 53, began his governorship earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage. "
"Curiously, though, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the route, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds. "
"Current senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires. "
"Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25. "
"Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, stated the outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeepers. "
"Danius said, Right now we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. For now, that is certainly enough. "
"Del Potro had the early advantage in the second set, but this too required a tie break after reaching 6-6. "
"Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop. "
"Despite leaving the show in 1993 he kept the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every season in royalties. "
"Despite there being no tsunami threat, residents started to panic and began to leave their businesses and homes. "
Do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures. 
"Domestic goats were generally kept in herds that wandered on hills or other grazing areas, often tended by goatherds who were frequently children or adolescents, similar to the more widely known shepherd. These methods of herding are still used today. "
"Downhill skiing as a sport goes back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia. "
"Downhill snowsports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports involving sliding down snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet. "
"Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association cautioned that the research is still in its early days. "
"Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb approximately 15 miles north of Cincinnati lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in an apparently heavily medicated state. "
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region KwaZulu-Natal. 
"Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan has, Japan is often referred to, on a geographical stance, as an archipelago "
Due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the Galapagos. 
"Due to the underwater topology the return flow is concentrated at a few deeper sections, and a fast current to deep water may form there. "
"During blizzards, enough snow to get you stuck can fall in very little time. "
"During his trip, Iwasaki ran into trouble on many occasions. "
"During the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation. "
"During the 1976 selections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger. "
"During the 1980s he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show. "
"During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government—with the Congress being its only component—under the Articles of Confederation. "
"During the struggle for independence organised by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the killing of the paramount chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III. "
During these periods fierce warfare took place between many nobles fighting for the throne. 
"During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny. "
Dustin Goldust Runnels commented that Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place. 
Duty free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods exempted from taxes and excises at certain locations. 
"Duvall, who is married with two adult children, did not leave a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related. "
Each temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner sanctuary that only the priests could enter. 
"Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space. "
Earlier the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked. 
"Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more. "
Economic links have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure in political negotiations. 
Edgar Veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while Kristoffer Schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face. 
Efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain. 
"Elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals like silver and gold. "
"Ellsworth Land is the region south of the Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea. "
"Entertainment news website TMZ understands the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the California Highway Patrol police officer conducting the traffic stop to order him back across, twice. "
"Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times. "
"European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama found the Cape Route from Europe to India. "
"Even traditionally, though, not all Sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals. "
"Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species. "
"Eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first full-iron rails were introduced. "
"Ever since the Federal Government stepped in to take over funding of the Mersey hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised this act as a stunt in the prelude to the federal election to be called by November. "
"Every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go their workplace and are passed by others whose work destination is the place they have just left. "
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity. 
Everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems. Almost everyone complains about transportation systems. 
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms. 
"Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and face. "
"Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem. "
"Famous singers across the country presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to Shri Shyam's feet. "
Farther south is Niagara Falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the Muskoka and beyond. 
Fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters. 
"Feel free to pencil in your own marks, but remember the printed bowing marks are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected. "
Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna. 
Feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away. 
Field trips are a large part of any classroom. Quite often a teacher would love to take her students places to which a bus trip is not an option. 
"Filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company. "
"Final results from Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been reelected by a large margin. "
"Finally, there are many small cats (including loose pet cats) that eat the far more numerous small prey like insects, rodents, lizards, and birds. "
"Finland is a great boating destination. The Land of a thousand lakes has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos. "
Fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm. 
First among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors. 
"First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole. "
"Five minutes into the display a wind starts rolling in, about a minute later, the wind is reaching 70km/h... then the rain comes, but so hard and so large that it slaps your skin like a needle, then hail fell from the sky, people panicking and screaming and running over each other. "
Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to drown out women from speaking out about women’s health were unsuccessful. 
"For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk. "
For a comparison of population that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the US than there are Canadian citizens. 
"For example visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine valley or taking a cruise to interesting cites on the Danube or boating along the Erie Canal. "
"For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the State Capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook. "
"For example, one might say that the motor car necessarily leads to the development of roads. "
"For example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the close of the analog film era. "
"For example, learning and socialization are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995). "
"For instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever tasted a turkey. "
"For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo. "
For over a thousand years the Christian religion had bound European states together despite differences in language and customs. I 
"For some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience. "
"For some, understanding something about how aircraft work and what happens during a flight may help to overcome a fear which is based on the unknown or on not being in control. "
"For the Springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak. "
"Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively. "
"Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically. "
Foster care is supposed to provide all the necessities that were lacking in the home they were previously taken from. 
"Four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the Giant Slalom failed to rank in the race. "
Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on or near coastlines were closed all of Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted. 
"France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer this virus; following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy. "
French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings. 
"Fruit pastries are common, with apples cooked into pastries year round, and cherries and plums making their appearances during the summer. "
"Generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B. "
"Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain one of the guys (or gals). "
"German pastries are quite good, and in Bavaria, are quite rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, Austria. "
"Germany was a common enemy in World War 2, leading to cooperation between the USSR and USA. With the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out. "
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start. 
"Goats seem to have been first domesticated roughly 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran. "
Gold may be worked into all sorts of shapes. It can be rolled into tiny shapes. 
Goma is a tourist city of the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme east near Rwanda. 
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Actress respectively. 
Gothic style peaked in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century. 
"Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland. "
"Had the Allies failed, Germany probably would have been able to conquer Britain as it had the rest of Europe. "
Hamilton confirmed Howard University Hospital admitted the patient in stable condition. 
"Handicraft products might be defined as antiques, though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods. "
"He added that they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities. "
"He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager in his previous job) to Thomas Edison. "
"He built a WiFi door bell, he said. "
"He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output. "
He even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs. 
He has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the Games. 
He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016. 
"He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries. "
He referred to the rumors as political chatter and silliness. 
He trained as an obstetrician and began to work at the Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959. 
"He was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work including the Prime Ministerial portraits on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 bills. "
He was greeted by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with the Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. 
He was initially hospitalised in the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth. 
"He was reportedly aged in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said [w]hile I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim. "
"He was robbed by pirates, attacked in Tibet by a rabid dog, escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India. "
He was subsequently relocated to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge. 
"Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race. "
"Her other race, the Giant Slalom, saw her finish in tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined run time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than first place finisher Austrian Claudia Loesch and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth place finisher Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary. "
"Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium. "
"High winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones. "
"His 1,000th stamp was the magnificent Great Deeds by Swedish Kings by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records. "
His research showed that if a hormone was administered it would speed up the baby's foetal lung maturation. 
"His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it right after his pit-stop, probably because a badly tucked right front wheel. "
His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few household names among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work alone. 
"Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate. "
Historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations. 
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no effects from the earthquake and that the Number 1 and 2 reactors at its Shika nuclear power plant were shut down. 
Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and is the place that many tourists regard as the main focus. 
"However, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a handful of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of car ownership. "
"However, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west could lag behind by 25 to 30 year. "
"However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the first official language. "
"However, people who know a little Spanish may hastily conclude that Portuguese is close enough that it need not be studied separately. "
"However, that is not true. Although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map. "
"However, the driver sustained serious injuries to the head. "
"However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems to be low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any particular moment in South Africa. "
"However, these plans were rendered obsolete nearly overnight, when over 800,000 soldiers from the Soviet's Union Red Army entered and created the Belarussian and Ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral. "
"However, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle. "
"However, this does not come cheap: as rough rules of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class! "
Hu encouraged developing countries to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later. 
Huhne and Pryce are scheduled to appear at the Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16. 
Huhne has resigned and he will be replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the Business Minister job Davey is vacating. 
Hydrogen ions are protons that had their electrons stripped off them (since Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron). 
"I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country duty-free. "
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumping over and pushing them, Armand Versace said. "
"If a rider is thrown from a horse but has a foot caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. To minimize this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken. "
"If an iron isn't available, or if you don't fancy wearing ironed socks, then you can try using a hairdryer, if available. "
"If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected. "
"If the country you will be visiting becomes subject to a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected. "
"If they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs. "
"If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting specimens is also going to get you ejected, without discussion. "
"If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may have a tricky situation. "
"If you find yourself resetting the clock in your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off. "
"If you have watched the movie National Treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the Declaration of Independence. "
If you only go ashore using shipboard excursions you will not need a separate visa (as of 2009). 
"If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon. "
"If you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen. "
If you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music. 
"If you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate. "
"In 1624,Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations. "
"In 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces take control of Taiwan’s western and northern coastal areas and declared Taiwan as a province of the Qing Empire in 1885. "
"In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job with the Edison Company in New York City. "
"In 1895, after defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signs the Treaty of Shimonoseki, by which it cedes sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which rules the island until 1945. "
"In 1956 Słania moved to Sweden, where three years later he began work for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver. "
"In 1989 he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team. "
"In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands. "
"In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistria Republic in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any UN member country. "
"In 2002 Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the town’s streets, particularly the town centre. "
"In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope. "
"In Japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court. "
"In a carriage, they traveled back to Paris surrounded by a mob of people screaming and shouting threats against the King and Queen. "
"In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program. "
"In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp. "
"In an adoption, the birth parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple may parent the child. "
"In an interview, he said the new variant was very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate. "
"In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids. "
In developed countries you seldom hear similar levels of complaints about water quality or bridges falling down. 
"In fact, it is not easy to find at all even if one knew it existed. Once inside the cave, it is a total isolation. "
In good conditions you will be able to cover somewhat greater distances than walking – but only very seldom you will get the speeds of cross country skiing without a heavy backpack in groomed tracks. 
"In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used. "
"In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio. "
In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany. 
"In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station. "
"In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on shopping television channel QVC. "
"In many cases, enrolling on a gap-year course abroad can actually improve your chances of moving into higher education back in your home country. "
"In many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, particularly in Poland, similar setups were made, which were viewed by a great number of people. "
"In one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts. "
"In particular, it is claimed that one can detect whether a person is lying by interpreting micro-expressions correctly. "
"In principle the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love. "
"In remote locations, without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option. "
"In some areas boiling water for a minute is enough, in others several minutes are needed. "
"In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called The Giant Province of the Indies, was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups. "
"In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments to it. "
In the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht. 
"In the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs. "
"In the context of Romanticism, the geography molded individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography arose, and these, being in harmony with the place of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws. "
"In the manner that Paris is known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, Constantinople was regarded as the fashion capital of feudal Europe. "
"In the north the region is bounded by the Sahel, and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean. "
"In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important. "
"In this dynamic transport shuttle everyone is somehow connected with, and supporting, a transport system based on private cars. "
"Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests. "
Infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves. 
Inland waterways can be a good theme to base a holiday around. 
Insects were the first animals to take to the air. Their ability to fly helped them evade enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently. 
"Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made. "
International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased. 
"Ironing damp clothes can help them dry. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available for loan, even if one is not present in the room. "
Israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed while the PA agrees to leave such presence only for five years. 
"It also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form. "
It also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur such as T. rex would be no match for it. 
It also had no authority to override tax laws and tariffs between states. 
"It can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called illuminated manuscripts. "
"It can be pulled into thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be hammered or rolled into sheets. "
"It had been scheduled to be cut down on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling. "
"It has a notably wide variety of plant communities, due to its range of microclimates, differing soils and varying levels of altitude. "
"It has been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumours affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions. "
"It has brought us the train, the car, and many other transportation devices. "
It is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years. 
It is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive. 
"It is nearly impossible to exchange Falklands currency outside of the islands, so exchange money prior to leaving the islands. "
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have. 
"It is obvious enough that the world has changed much because of humankind's scientific and technological advancements, and problems have become greater because of overpopulation and mankind's extravagant lifestyle. "
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and it is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks). 
"It is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots. "
It is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity. 
"It is still produced today, but more importantly its aspect ratio has been inherited by digital camera image sensor formats. "
It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands. 
"It isn’t alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research. "
"It may also be beneficial for one to buy a Wild Card, which provides entry to either selections of parks in South Africa or all of the South African National Parks. "
It states that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example). 
It takes a giant rocket over a 100 feet high to put a satellite or telescope in space. 
It uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information. 
"It warns No one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos. "
It was at this time that the transfer of the title of Fashion Capital from Constantinople to Paris was made. 
It was one of the major stops during Henry Louis Gates' PBS special Wonders of the African World. 
It was ruled by the Vichy French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them. 
"It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago. "
"It was to last for the next 40 years and would be fought for real, by proxy armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places. "
"It's expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000. "
It's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village. 
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies. 
"Italy's national football, along with German national football team is the second most successful team in the world and were the FIFA World Cup champions in 2006. "
Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner. 
"Its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path. "
Its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 A.D. and lasted up until about 1100 A.D. 
Its status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that Crusaders had returned bearing gifts such as silks and spices that were valued more than what Byzantine markets offered. 
"Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had been aware of 27 accidents related to the devices. "
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal that what Westerners may be used to. 
"Japans holds nearly 7,000 islands (the biggest being Honshu), making Japan the 7th largest island in the world! "
"Just like the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way exert a force on the Sagittarius galaxy. "
"Lakkha Singh presented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him. "
Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness. 
"Last month Iran saw its worst air disaster in years when an airliner heading to Armenia crashed, killing the 168 on board. "
Last month a presidential commission recommended the prior CEP's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections. 
"Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called non-serious. "
"Late on Sunday, the United States President Donald Trump, in a statement delivered via the press secretary, announced US troops would be leaving Syria. "
"Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar. "
"Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a thorough and complete rewriting of the Conservative party's environmental bill. "
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived Washington insiders. 
Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and entered a career in medicine. 
"Like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes. "
"Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey. "
"Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides. "
"Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes shy and you will see them better with binoculars. "
"Local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the plant to stay indoors, turn off air-conditioners and not to drink tap water. "
"Looking decidedly rusty in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa however steadily improved as the tournament progressed. "
"MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, the spinal cord and the optic nerve. "
"Machu Picchu consist of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows. "
"Madagascar is by far the biggest, and a continent on its own when it comes to wildlife. "
"Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar zones in the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (specially pork), and uses olive oil throughout. "
"Many German baked goods also feature almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often pair particularly well with a cup of strong coffee. "
"Many common formats (APS family of formats, for example) are equal to or closely approximate this aspect ratio. "
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks. 
Many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted also by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world. 
Many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and is alive today. We call them birds. 
Many people don't think about them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly. 
"Many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare. "
Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday. 
"Mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies. "
"Members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot. "
"Michael Schumacher ended his race not long after Alonso, because of the suspension damage in the numerous battles during the race. "
"Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership. "
Minor cultures often vanish without leaving relevant historic evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations. 
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict. 
Money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in Stanley across from the FIC West store. 
"Montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common. "
"More traditional churches often hold an Easter Vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate Christ's resurrection. "
"Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death. "
"Mosasaurus was the apex predator of its time, so it feared nothing, except other mosasaurs. "
"Most deaths happen as result of fatigue trying to swim back against the current, which may be impossible. "
"Most districts are served by small Japanese Coaster Buses, which are comfortable and sturdy. "
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back along the body. 
"Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has effects on societies that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned. "
Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions. 
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared. 
"Most of the distinct Baltic Cruises feature an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Russia. "
Most of the life of the Hebrew family happened in the open air. 
"Most of the monasteries do provide wraps for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you'll get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance. "
"Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and known as luxury beach resorts. "
"Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the Senate as member of the Buenos Aires province delegation. "
Muhammad was deeply interested in matters beyond this mundane life. He used to frequent a cave that became known as Hira‘ on the Mountain of Noor (light) for contemplation. 
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set. 
"Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation. "
"Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells. "
NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen after the time we are concerned about. 
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata prefecture was operating normally. 
"Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the Bible in Latin. "
"Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife. "
"Needless to say, if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese. "
"Negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear. "
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition. Therefore it narrows the research area and makes it much more exact. 
"New Kingdom ancient Egyptians marvelled at their predecessors monuments, which were then well over a thousand year old. "
"Next, some saddles, particularly English saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to fall off the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider. "
NextGen is a system the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions. 
"No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do. "
"No extra transport is being put on and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride facilities are unavailable at the ground. "
No immediate reports of damage have been received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center. 
"No major damage or injuries have been reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC. "
"No matter how docile they may look, bison, elk, moose, bears, and nearly all large animals can attack. "
"No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the quake did not meet the magnitude 6.5 requirement. "
North Shore beaches (in North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south. 
"Nothing can be seen other than the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave. "
"Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices. "
"Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is. "
"Of course, the superprofits derived from the protracted exploitation of the Filipino people would constitute the basic gains of U.S. imperialism. "
Officials for the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard as they argue that it was in imminent danger of falling over. 
"Oliver Sacks, in his paper The President's Speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech because of brain damage are nevertheless able to assess sincerity accurately. "
"On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called Operation Dragoon. "
"On Monday, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, publicly announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden the committee, unable to reach Bob Dylan directly about winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, had abandoned its efforts to reach him. "
"On icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt. "
"On some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem. "
"On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round. "
"On the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although British and United States currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method. "
"Once the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains. "
"One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death. "
One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office. 
One can only wonder what the keyboard will become when something newer comes along. 
One of the main Christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the monetary funds of the church are there specifically for that reason. 
"One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up. "
One of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of WWII. The Americans were trying to move men and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain. 
"One was sent to George Washington on July 6, who had it read to his troops in New York on July 9. A copy reached London on August 10. "
"Only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer. "
"Other biorhythm-based options involve drinking lots of fluid (particularly water or tea, a known diuretic) prior to sleep, forcing one to get up to urinate. "
"Other subjects on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less-polluting ways. "
Other topics covered reportedly include the future state of Jerusalem which is sacred to both nations and the Jordan Valley issue. 
Others are alleged to have been brought up by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild on their own. 
"Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbour. "
"Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present. "
"Our foster care system is supposed to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable health care. "
"Out of 1,400 people polled prior to the 2010 federal election, those who oppose Australia becoming a republic grew by 8 per cent since 2008. "
"Out on the savanna, it is hard for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino-acid requirements from available plant resources. "
Over four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral. 
"Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population. "
"Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant. "
Parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies. 
"People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools. "
People may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers returning home. 
"People now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener. "
People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals. 
"Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals. "
"Perry stated that he would return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race, but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary. "
Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar. 
"Pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in a worse case cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or transmit infections. "
Plans for vaccines to be delivered to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to lack of funds and low prioritisation relative to other diseases. 
"Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even just one specimen. "
"Plants make oxygen which humans breathe, and they take in carbon-dioxide which humans exhale (that is, breathe out). "
Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade. 
"Please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population. "
"Please treat the site with all of the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis. "
Poland's men's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G. 
Police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day. 
Police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant of responsibility for the attack. 
Police superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused appeared in court with covered faces. 
"Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing. "
Posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections — commonly 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and strict obedience to them is even more important than otherwise. 
Potro received treatment to his shoulder at this point but managed to return to the game. 
"Pre-modern observatories are usually obsolete today, and remain as museums, or sites of education. "
Pre-operative transgender people should not expect to pass through the scanners with their privacy and dignity intact. 
"Previously, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, remarked the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from his shop in his garage. "
"Prides are made up of one to three related adult males, along with as many as thirty females and cubs. "
"Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after Tuesday's 25 minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO. "
"Prior to the arrival of troops, Haiti had not encountered problems related to the disease since the 1800s. "
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects. 
Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written 
"Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species "
"Re-entry shock comes on sooner than culture shock (there's less of a honeymoon phase), lasts longer, and can be more severe. "
"Regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms. "
"Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese. "
Reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood among the Sámi and the culture surrounding the trade is important also for many with other professions. 
Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece. 
"Remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night. "
Research has found that females are two times more likely to have MS then males. 
Research in AI involves making machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior. 
"Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported the new species evolved in just two generations, though this process had been believed to take much longer, due to breeding between an endemic Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris. "
"Resembling a television remote, the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space. "
"Resting on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world. "
"Ring also settled a lawsuit with competing security company, the ADT Corporation. "
"Rip currents are the returning flow from waves breaking off the beach, often at a reef or similar. "
"Robin Uthappa made the innings highest score, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes. "
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists. 
"Romanticism had a large element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel. "
"Sadly, as newer methods of writing have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to lesser status and uses. "
Safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in Africa and the highlight for many visitors. 
Saint Petersburg cruises include time in town. Cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms). 
"Saltwater Crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from Rockhampton. "
Same goes for the military because instead of army rankings being based on class they were now based on cailaber. 
Scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather an aid that provides support to individuals whom are undergoing a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or beginning a new project. 
"Scaffolds can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold but so is the little paperclip man in Microsoft Office. "
Schneider testified via videolink from a USAF base in his homeland. 
Science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has dislodged the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years. 
Science’s main goal is to figure out the way the world works through the scientific method. This method in fact guides most scientific research. 
"Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets collided with the Earth long ago. "
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive. 
"Scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground. "
"Scotturb Bus 403 travels regularly to Sintra, stopping at Cabo da Roca. "
"Searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive in the post-September 11, 2001 era. "
Segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools with each generation. 
Several Bishkek residents blamed protesters from the south for the lawlessness. 
Several hostages have been rescued and least six have been confirmed dead so far. 
Several large television screens were installed in various places in Rome to let the people watch the ceremony. 
"Several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year. "
Several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of February and it was announced on Tuesday. 
"Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions. "
"Severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life. "
"Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200). "
Sharing a field trip virtually is also a great way to reflect a on a trip and share experiences with future classes. 
"Sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away. "
She came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity. 
She directed officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away. 
"She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published. "
"Shooters in the supplementary pest control trial were to be closely supervised by rangers, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness evaluated. "
"Similarly, by having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for visas to each of the Schengen member countries separately, hence saving time, money and paperwork. "
Siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a Shark Tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup. 
"Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area. "
"Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters. "
"Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa. "
"Since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism. "
"Since the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs. "
"Since the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity. "
"Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare. "
"Singapore is generally an extremely safe place to be and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after arriving. "
"Singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him. "
"Six hostages, including the children and elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers. "
"Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as ski bums, planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location. "
Sleep interruption is the process of purposefully awakening during your normal sleep period and falling asleep a short time later (10–60 minutes). 
Smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year. 
"So, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label. "
"Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing. "
Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means that they tend to break apart with little or no nudging. 
"Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above Berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise. "
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children. 
"Some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers. "
"Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars). "
"Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known. "
"Some roads have been damaged, railway service interrupted in the affected areas, and the Noto Airport in Ishikawa prefecture remains closed. "
"Some venues offer alcoholic beverages on the house. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good gamblers know the importance of staying sober. "
"Sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples. "
"Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany. "
"Soon, officers equipped with riot gear entered the yard and cornered the inmates with tear gas. "
Sort of like rolling a heavy cart up a hill. Splitting the nucleus up again then releases some of that energy. 
"South Africa have defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa. "
"South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020. "
"Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola, he said. "
"Still, take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings. "
Stirrups are supports for the rider's feet that hang down on either side of the saddle. 
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal standards and allow them to develop a sense of identity. 
"Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members. "
"Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield. "
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family. 
Such children are called feral or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment. 
"Such things have become separate disciplines, which focus on providing solutions to real life problems. "
"Suits are standard business attire, and coworkers call each other by their family names or by job titles. "
Summits include breath-taking views from peaks. Climbers from all parts of the world are continually establishing new routes amongst its endless potential of walls. 
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed. 
"Swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball. "
"Taiwan beginning start way back in 15th century where European sailors passing by record the island’s name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island. "
"Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the upmarket suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland. "
"Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from technology-push or the technological imperative to a strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic associated with scientific laws and their manifestation in technology. "
"Technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. Students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class. "
Television reports show white smoke coming from the plant. 
That didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair. 
The up bow mark looks like a V and the down bow mark like a staple or a square missing its bottom side. 
The 25 Dunlap broadsides still known to exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not survived. 
"The 35mm format is actually, somewhat confusingly, 36mm in width by 24mm in height. "
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies. 
"The AI ​​system is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as has been built in several home computer and video game software applications. "
The Amazon River is the second longest and the biggest river on Earth. It carries more than 8 times as much water as the second biggest river. 
"The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, at times six miles wide. "
"The Arabs also brought Islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the Comoros and Mayotte. "
The Articles required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be amended and states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent. 
The Babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god. 
"The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing. "
"The D-Day landings and the following battles had freed the north of France, but the south still wasn't free. "
"The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce. "
The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa. 
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed working class people of other country's to began their own revolutions. 
"The Giza Plateau, or Giza Necropolis in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great Sphinx. "
The Great Pyramid at Giza is the only one of the seven wonders that is still standing today. 
"The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture. "
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to Haiti. 
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that DNA was a genetic material. 
"The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which by convention ends around 1500. "
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication. 
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today. 
"The Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border of Mozambique in the east, Zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the Crocodile River. "
The Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone. 
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru l-Badya and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading bases there. 
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this point Jerry poses no threat to land. 
"The Ninth Ward, which saw flooding as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently in waist-high water as the nearby levee was overtopped. "
The Northern Marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation. 
"The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his fitness has been in doubt. "
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana. 
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan. 
"The Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation. "
"The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755. "
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction. 
The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East. 
"The Schengen zone, however, works somewhat like one country in this respect. "
The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries. 
The Sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story. 
"The Sundarbans are the largest littoral mangrove belt in the world, stretching 80 km (50 mi) into the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland from the coast. "
"The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which about one-third is covered in water/marsh areas. "
The Sundarbans has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park. 
The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest eras in Ancient China’s history thousands of people died fighting to sit in the highest seat in the grand palace at Xi’an. 
"The Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from Indian Yoga. "
The U.N. also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the impacts. 
The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rainfall could breach the previously damaged levees. 
The United States Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense office is tracking the debris. 
"The accused are named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar. "
"The age where the events took place is commonly referred as the High Middle Ages the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300). "
The amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit. 
The announcement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. 
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the Peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas. 
The area is also home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species. 
The aspect ratio of this format (dividing by twelve to obtain the simplest whole-number ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2. 
The best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals. 
The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading 18 and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense. 
"The bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished. "
"The broad boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centers are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more of Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey. "
The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is. 
"The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely used. "
"The center of Tibetan meditation is the Deity Yoga. Through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created. "
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met. 
"The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, attached to a sophisticated sewage system. "
The city is also the base to climb the Nyiragongo volcano along with some of the cheapest Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa. 
"The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an Arabic flair than of an African. "
The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that started in October. 
The community irritation led to current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site which hosts millions of openly-licensed media. 
The composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR). 
The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the flower of choice. 
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research. 
"The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire. "
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side. 
The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled Bush's New Orleans Deal. 
"The definition has geographic variations, where the age limit might be shorter in places such as North America than in Europe. "
"The disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos. "
The distinct characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the uses and gratifications approach. 
"The document, according to the leak, will refer to the borders dispute, which Palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 Mideast War. "
The early reports say the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi. 
"The earthquake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte. "
The eathquake struck Mariana at 07:19 a.m. local time (09:19 p.m. GMT Friday). 
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter. 
"The fatalities were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback had been the driver. "
"The feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down. "
"The females are usually closely related to each other, being a large family of sisters and daughters. "
"The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play Australia. "
"The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15 game winning streak. "
The find also grants insight into the evolution of feathers in birds. 
The first cases of the disease this season were reported in late July. 
"The first known transportation was walking, humans began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo Erectus (meaning upright man). "
The first public reading of the document was by John Nixon in the yard of Independence Hall on July 8. 
The fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons. 
The forests aren't just mangrove swamps though — they include some of the last remaining stands of the mighty jungles which once covered the Gangetic plain. 
"The games kicked off at 10:00am with great weather and apart from mid morning drizzle which quickly cleared up, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby. "
The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers. 
The great majority of Hong Kong Island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore. 
"The great pyramid was created to honor the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members. "
"The harbor was the site of an infamous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain refused to leave the harbor. "
"The hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others. "
The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards. Fruit juices are pricey but excellent. 
The idea of skiing is very old — cave paintings depicting skiers date back as far as 5000 BC! 
"The job of navies has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and goods, while at the same time, interfering with your enemy's ability to move his people and goods. "
The largest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Cañitas. 
"The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you are fearful. "
"The lower the tension, the more positive the life force present. Every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment. "
"The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow. "
"The main Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles). It collects water from thousands of smaller rivers. "
"The main letters to watch out for are c and g, since their pronunciation varies based on the following vowel. "
"The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called Manta. "
The major religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christian. 
"The medical charity Mangola, Medecines Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organisation say it is the worst outbreak recorded in the country. "
The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report truly regrettable. 
The mob of people forced the King And Queen to have their carriage windows wide open. 
"The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Merenids as a strategic port called Anfa. "
"The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell. "
"The money could go toward flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification. "
"The most readily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins accessible in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked. "
"The mountains of the Peninsula here merge into the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360 km chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier. "
"The movie, featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all major categories. "
The much-abused and often-ridiculed rule of thirds is a simple guideline creating dynamism while keeping a measure of order in an image. 
"The northern part or Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinson Massif, peaking at 4892 m Mount Vinson. "
The number of people present was so large that it was not possible for everybody to gain access to the funeral in St. Peter's Square. 
"The obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you). "
The official Falklands currency is the Falkland pound (FKP) whose value is set equivalent to that of one British pound (GBP). 
"The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. Airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in. "
"The original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before. "
"The other nominations include Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay. "
"The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to undertake such measures as deployment of pig catchers in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito curtains and spraying pesticides. "
The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the tested chemical. 
The parade of buildings that make the Hong Kong skyline has been likened to a glittering bar chart that is made apparent by the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour. 
"The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided in 14 different ecozones, each supporting different wildlife. "
"The patient had been to Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus have occurred. "
"The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he subsequently died. "
The photographers later took the place of an aged lady as she needed the lavatory. Mendoza was gunned down. 
"The presence of a true invisible team (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team. "
The program started at 8:30 p.m. local time (15.00 UTC). 
The pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for kids. 
"The qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors. "
The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid. 
"The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down. "
The result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website. 
The rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes never seen before. 
The road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT. 
The rock band was due to tour the United States and Canada until September 16. 
"The ruling party, South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections. "
"The same month saw another airliner overrun a runway at Mashhad and strike a wall, killing seventeen. "
"The satellite in space gets the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly. "
The satellite was sent into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth’s atmosphere distorts some of our light and view. 
"The satellites, both of which weighed in excess of 1,000 pounds, and traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above the Earth. "
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up. 
The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does. 
"The secret to their success is the concept of the niche, a special job each cat holds that keeps it from competing with others. "
"The service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs. "
"The show originally featured amateur voice actors, local to East Texas. "
"The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star with respect to magnetic reversals. "
"The sometimes-violent protests were triggered by failure to hold elections, some due since 2011. "
The speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than that of its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s. 
The station's web site describes the show as old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin! 
"The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan. "
"The strain of bird flu lethal to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday, in marshland near Lyon in the east of France. "
"The strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries. "
"The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain. "
The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust. 
"The tenth named storm of the Atlantic Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today. "
The term bug is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects. 
"The term safari in popular use refers to overland travel to view the stunning African wildlife, particularly on savanna. "
"The terrified King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette their two young children (11 year old Marie Therese and four year old Louis-Charles) and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, on the 6th October 1789 were forced back to Paris from Versailles by a mob of market women. "
"The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar. "
"The tiger's roar is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of snarly, shouted words. "
The top of the tower was special sanctuary for the god. 
"The truck driver, who is aged 64, was not injured in the crash. "
"The two compounds react with one another to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the university said. "
"The two towers rise to a height of 83 meters, it's 378 meters long and it has two lanes of 3.50 m wide. "
"The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds. "
The vehicle itself was taken away from the scene of the accident at approximately 1200 GMT on the same day. 
"The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it didn't open to traffic until March 2017. "
"The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere. "
The village of Haldarsvík offer views of the nearby island Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church. 
The war expenditures of U.S. imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines were paid for by the Filipino people themselves. 
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation. 
The willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (X) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies. 
"The winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says. "
"The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society. "
"The work done was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy. "
The invisible team is the management team to which each of the members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member. 
"Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat. "
"Their predecessors, the Australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually. "
"Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground, said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona. "
"Then, Lakkha Singh took the lead in singing the bhajans. "
"There are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler. "
"There are also a few buses going north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives. "
"There are different ways of purifying water, some more effective against specific threats. "
"There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better. "
"There are many beaches, due to Auckland's straddling of two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas. "
There are no particular rainy and dry seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year. 
"There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual. "
"There are still many men and women alive who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death there, Jews and non-Jews alike. "
There is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques. 
There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise up to the surface. 
"There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bath houses where men and women were together in mixed company. "
"There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive. "
There's a tradition to pass the Easter night awake at some exposed point to see the sunrise. 
"There, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered with blood-stained blankets. "
"Therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about Persian grammar and understand phrases better. "
These are sometimes-crowded family beaches with a good range of shops lining the shore. Swimming is safe. 
These couples may choose to make an adoption plan for their baby. 
"These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities. "
These theories look at what it is about certain people that make them want the things that they do and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things. 
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood. 
They all ran back from where the accident had happened. 
They also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails. 
"They are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees. "
They are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the Earth will be affected. 
They can also hold the reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or procure other documents for your destination (e.g. visa). 
"They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey. "
They did two experiments marking either the DNA in the phage with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur. 
"They found the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else. "
They have cancelled the tour after lead singer Steven Tyler was injured after he fell off stage while performing on August 5. 
"They have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two back legs like a T-Rex. "
"They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event. "
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management. 
They provide greater stability for the rider but can have safety concerns due to the potential for a rider's feet to get stuck in them. 
"They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers, to keep guests in a good mood, and keep them at the premise. "
They were compelled to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial regime to defray a major part of the expenditures and the interest on bonds floated in the name of the Philippine government through the Wall Street banking houses. 
Think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route. 
"This became common practice, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons. "
This behavior oftentimes results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team. 
This can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you. 
This gives them a wider range of small places to hide from predators. 
This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects. 
This is called a chemical's pH. You can make an indicator using red cabbage juice. 
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK but Scottish justice works differently and courts have viewed publication of photos as potentially prejudicial. 
"This is especially popular with school leavers, allowing them to take a year out before university, without compromising their education. "
"This is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases. However, if we do not only want a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should deactivate them. "
"This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one to forty). "
"This is the place the British colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start. "
This means you can visit the historic city for a couple of full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night. 
"This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before. "
"This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement. "
"This offers a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock. "
This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models which help us to understand processes in our mind. 
"This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats. "
"This seems sensible, because the Earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it? "
"This term derives from ancient familiarity with Bed-bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans. "
"This theory says that most dark matter around a galaxy is located around a galaxy in a kind of halo, and is made of lots of small particles. "
This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. One size fits all for men! 
"This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable. "
"This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, though he also theorised that they change into new substances to form what we see. "
"This will allow it to be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has dual radios. "
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air. 
"Though each country was 'Scandinavian', there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland. "
"Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word Gypsy is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people. "
"Though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed. "
"Thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the Solar System moved around the Sun. "
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours. 
"Through the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as Dunlap broadsides. "
"Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration. "
"Thus, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out. "
"To better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) velocity. "
"To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head for the Kowloon waterfront opposite. "
To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra and which was made famous to foreigners after a glowing account of its splendours recorded by Lord Byron. 
To understand the Templars one must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order. 
"Today many Sámi work in modern trades. Tourism is an important income in Sápmi, the Sámi area. "
"Today, Timbuktu is an impoverished town, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport. "
"Today, the only insects that cannot fold back their wings are dragon flies and mayflies. "
"Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two summer Olympics, having hosted the games in 1964. "
Tommy Dreamer said Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman. 
Tournament top seeds South Africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded Zambia. 
Traffic Flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with one another. 
"Travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent. "
"Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages. "
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as they may affect any travel plans. 
"Travellers bound for countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco. "
Travellers may encounter animal pests that they are not familiar with in their home regions. 
Travellers who had an easy time adjusting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly hard time readjusting to their native culture. 
"Travelling by plane can be a scary experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, particularly if they've not flown before or have experienced a traumatic event. "
"Try aiming somewhere where you are not caught again or, depending on your skills and on whether you have been noticed, you might want to wait for rescue. "
"Turkey would also take over guarding captured ISIS fighters which, the statement said, European nations have refused to repatriate. "
Twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed. 
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory. 
"Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio. "
Typically there will be a tuition fee to enroll in these educational programs. 
"U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia. "
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement. 
"UN peacekeepers, whom arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are being blamed for the spread of the disease which started near the troop's encampment. "
"USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment. "
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes. 
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes. 
"Uka's weapon failed whilst pointed at a fifth man's head. Schneider has ongoing pain, blindness in one eye, a missing section of skull and a face rebuilt from titanium. "
Under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer. 
"Unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult because driver behavior cannot be predicted with one-hundred percent certainty. "
"Up means you should start at the tip and push the bow, and down means you should start at the frog (which is where your hand is holding the bow) and pull the bow. "
Using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans. 
Usually you always here the sound of tourists and vendors. The story of the sound and light is just like a story book. 
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communications. 
Vatican City's population is around 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population. 
"Virtual Scaffolds are internalized in the software and are meant to question, prompt, and explain procedures that may have been to challenging for the student to handle alone. "
Virtual team members often function as the point of contact for their immediate physical group. 
"Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences. "
Virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers. 
Visibility may also be restricted by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on vehicle windows. 
Voyagers planning sex reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they're carrying valid documents for the return trip. 
Wagonways were built in England as early as the 16th Century. 
Water is spilling over the levee in a section 100 feet wide. 
"We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification. "
"We call this process speciation, which just means the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution. "
"We can start living more friendly to the environment, we can join to the environmental movement, and we can even be activists in order to reduce the future suffering in some degree. "
"We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. Its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal. "
"We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most foods that we eat are plants. Without plants, animals could not survive. "
We perceive the Foster Care System to be a safety zone for these children. 
"When a small group of living things (a small population) gets separated from the main population that they came from (like if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that they can't easily move back) they will often find themselves in a different environment than they were in before. "
"When all available resources are effectively used across the functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can transpire. "
"When asked for comment, Miller said, Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying. "
"When completely brought up by non-human animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely like those of the particular care-animal, such as its fear of or indifference to humans. "
"When returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture. "
"When the fighting ceased after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining inmates stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells. "
"When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you are using a satellite. "
"When you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt. "
"While Goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of Goma should be researched to understand the state of the fighting that persists in the North Kivu province. "
While he was working at the hospital Liggins began to investigate premature labor during his spare time. 
"While most of their food would be familiar to us, Romans did have their share of strange or unusual feast items, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called a dormouse "
"While no one knows for certain who wrote it, it is known that early in its life, the large parchment document (it measures 29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage. "
"While one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce Ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection. "
"While project based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding goes a step beyond. "
"While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is bien élevé (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier. "
"While visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too. "
"Why do transportation systems engender such complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? Are transportation engineers just incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on? "
Why would an organization want to go through the time consuming process of establishing a learning organization? One goal for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation. 
"Widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on Bishkek's streets. "
Willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as widely variable. 
"Winter sports are most popular in the Northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events. "
"With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation. "
"With Kundalini Yoga the Kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations. "
"With only eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make the medal podium. "
"With two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began. "
Women did the cooking in the yard; stores were just open counters looking into the street. Stone was used for building houses. 
"Women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc. "
"Women: It is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status. "
"Workers must often get their superiors' approval for any decisions they make, and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without question. "
"Workplace harmony is crucial, emphasizing group effort rather than praising individual accomplishments. "
"Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776. The text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down. "
Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two 'black box' flight recorders on Wednesday. 
Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. we treat you. 
"Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities. "
You can also have alloys that include small amounts of non-metallic elements like carbon. 
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins. 
You can use boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for the short ride. 
"You may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens. "
Your local telephone service provider should be able to give more information about connecting to this service. 
"he cave itself, which survived the times, gives a very vivid image of Muhammad’s spiritual inclinations. "
towards the end of the Middle Ages western Europe began to develop their own style. one of the biggest developments of the time as a result of the crusades people began to use buttons to fasten clothing. 
"İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub. "
Personal involvement and continuing relationships were also identified as new motivation aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites. 
"He [Wales] basically lied to us from the start. First, by acting as if this was for legal reasons. Second, by pretending he was listening to us, right up to his art deletion. "
"I was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart. "
"She’s very cute and sings quite well, too, he said according to a transcript of the news conference. "
They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night. 
This is not going to be goodbye. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one. 
"We now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic, he added. "
"We will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level, Hu said. "
. Scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside. 
"108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to Baba Shyam. "
"34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last monarch. "
"A binary number can have only one of two values, i.e. 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon. "
"A car bomb detonated at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people. "
"A civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society. "
"A couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the interest of their child, to raise a baby. "
"A course will normally be from 2-5 days and will involve role play, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training. "
"A course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in far greater detail, usually with practical experience. "
A curry can be either dry or wet depending on the amount of liquid. 
"A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables. "
"A doctor who worked at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio say. "
"A former Filipino policeman has kept Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines. "
A full 20 percent of the water that pours out of the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon. 
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday. 
A person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying. 
"A satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call. "
A search of the Internet for 'Hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company. 
"A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc. "
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorean Galápagos Islands. 
"A walking safari (also called a bush walk, hiking safari, or going footing) consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days. "
"A well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human. "
"ASUS Eee PC, earlier launched world-wide for cost-saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic in 2007 Taipei IT Month. "
"Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology. "
"According to Japan's nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine has been identified at the plant. "
"According to Mick O'Flynn, the Acting Director Park Conservation and Heritage with the NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first shooting operation received comprehensive safety and training instruction. "
"According to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals! "
"According to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges. "
"According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated a tsunami was generated. There was some definite tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue. "
"According to the lawsuit, waste from the UN camp was not properly sanitized, causing bacteria to enter the tributary of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest. "
"Across the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), leaving it as the leading neurological disease in younger and middle aged adults. "
Adekoya has since been in Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged with murdering her son. 
Advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country. 
Aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour. 
"After a week of losses in the midterm election, Bush told an audience about the expansion of trade in Asia. "
"After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team. "
"After its adoption by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap. "
"After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll. "
"After seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during World War I, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future. "
"After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards. "
"After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that would spread sediment throughout the river were halted. "
"After the results came in, Gingrich lauded Santorum, but had tough words for Romney, on whose behalf negative campaign advertisements were aired in Iowa against Gingrich. "
"Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained both for civil and military operations. "
"Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly. "
All I say to people is you treat us the way we treat you. 
"All animals that originally arrived in the islands came here either by swimming, flying or floating. "
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic. 
"All nouns, alongside the word Sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence. "
"All of the cave entrances, which were named The Seven Sisters, are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter. "
"All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost. "
All these things and more highlight Ontario as what is considered quintessentially Canadian by outsiders. 
"All things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their protein problem in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today. "
Alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements on the periodic table. 
"Along the same line, men are required to wear trousers covering the knees. "
Also after the Revolution occupations were open to all male applicants allowing the most ambitious and successful to succeed. 
Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty. 
"Also blogging forces students to become more savvy about the world around them. The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004). "
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there was no Tsunami indication. 
"Also to the north visit the great Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Shrine), a place of worldwide famous Marian apparitions. "
"Also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot. "
"Although AI has a strong connotation of science fiction, AI forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation in a machine. "
"Although Winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back. "
"Although pyramid-building in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in their size and the technical excellence of their construction. "
"Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience. "
"Although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials are hoping it will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream. "
"Although three people were inside the house when the car impacted it, none of them were hurt. "
"Although wagonways merely consisted of parallel planks of wood, they allowed horses pulling them to achieve greater speeds and pull larger loads than on the slightly more rough roads of the day. "
"An example is visiting, photographing, and learning about organgatuangs in Borneo. "
An increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn. 
"An up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive. "
Ancient China had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of China or each family that was in power was a distinctive dynasty. 
Ancient Roman meals couldn't have included foods that came to Europe from America or from Asia in later centuries. 
"Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them for easy access to milk, hair, meat, and skins. "
"Angel (2006), explains the Continuum approach as a method being used to help organizations reach a higher level of performance. "
"Another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have banquets together where they would lounge on their sides while they ate their meals. "
Any amendments or requests though should be coursed through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel. 
Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training. 
"Anyone who's going to drive at high latitudes or over mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures. "
"Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000. "
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959. 
"Appropriate use of blogs can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002). "
Argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world. 
"Aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. They were earth, water, air, and fire. "
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. New Zealand's Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G. 
"Around 3 minutes into the launch, an on-board camera showed numerous pieces of insulation foam break away from the fuel tank. "
"Around 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns. "
"Around the old Medina it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists. "
"As NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatically handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; normalizing US–China relations thought the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion in Afghanistan, 1979. "
"As a result, the performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself is encouraging the audience to join in. "
"As a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need. "
"As a result, two fish species have become extinct, and two others have become endangered, including the humpback chub. "
"As knowledge of Greek declined, the West found itself cut off from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots. "
"As light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times. "
"As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again. "
"As one example, American citizens in the Middle East might face different situations from Europeans or Arabs. "
"As soon as you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normally. "
"As the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution therefore often not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars. "
"As the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance. "
"As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation and entry fees for the park. "
"At Thursday's keynote presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console. "
At one point a member of the mob waved the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles in front of the terrified Queen. 
At the beginning dress was heavily influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east. 
"At the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those surveyed believe Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believe Australia should never become a republic. "
"At the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own. "
"At the same time, the German navy, using mainly U-boats, was trying to stop this traffic. "
Atoms are so incredibly tiny that trillions of them could fit into the period at the end of this sentence. 
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. 
Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking. 
"Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign. "
"Backpacking by ski: This activity is also called backcountry ski, ski touring or ski hiking. "
"Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About a half prefer to speak Catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows Spanish. "
"Be careful not to allow fabric to become too hot (which can cause shrinkage, or in extreme cases, scorch). "
"Be firm in turning down men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it ok!). "
"Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but do have other features of feathers — barbs and barbules — the researchers inferred the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development that these other features. "
Before The Simpsons Simon had worked on several shows in various positions. 
"Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning. "
"Between 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, a fire was started by the inmates in the yard. "
"Beyond Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships. "
Biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators which will continue a period of free-running cycling even in the absence of external cues. 
"Bipedal specializations are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago. "
"Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of anarchy by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and plundered stores of consumer goods. "
"Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day. "
"Blogs can also help improve student writing. While students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that. "
"Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with a boat to every seven or eight people. "
Booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination. 
"Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few. "
"Both Assassin-bugs and Bed-bugs are nidicolous, adapted to living in nest or housing of their host. "
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food. 
Box jellyfish occur near beaches and near river estuaries from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside these times. 
"Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering entire sections of ocean, causing danger to even neutral ships. "
British pounds will generally be accepted anywhere in the islands and within Stanley credit cards and United States dollars are also often accepted. 
"Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor dead Pharaoh. "
"Buses depart the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, though most, especially those heading to the east and Jakar/Bumthang leave between 06:30 and 07:30. "
Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. 
"But Prime Minister John Howard has said the act was only to safeguard the facilities of the hospital from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, in giving an extra AUD$45 million. "
"But being placed in the high tropics just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely). "
"But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at the time. "
But the consumer market on laptop computer will be radically varied and changed after ASUS was awarded in the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award by Executive Yuan of the Republic of China. 
But there are a lot of things about birds that still look like a dinosaur. 
"But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings. "
"But, if used without further qualifiers, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island Java. "
"By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration continues till today. "
"By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian bridgehead. "
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors. 
"Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March most coronavirus-based cancellation policies don't extend to July 2020, when the Olympics had been scheduled. "
"Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. In the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures. "
Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign. 
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco. 
"Casinos typically make many efforts to maximize time and money spent by guests. Windows and clocks are usually absent, and exits can be hard to find. "
"Chambers had sued God for widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants. "
"Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is frivolous and anybody can sue anybody. "
Check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba. 
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison. 
"Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century. "
"Children are placed in Foster Care for a wide variety of reasons that range from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion. "
"Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus. "
"City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilizational culture implies the passing on of knowledge across several generations, a lingering cultural footprint and fair dissemination. "
Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist. 
"Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of granite big walls and crags. "
"Combined with its relative inaccessibility, Timbuktu has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands. "
Comets may possibly have been a source of water delivery to the earth along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life. 
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions when he spoke to Wikinews last month. 
Congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal 2005 and specified that the FBI must devote 10 agents to adult pornography. 
"Congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and, because there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its acts. "
Content theories are centered on finding what makes people tick or appeals to them. 
"Courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly. Frequently, time is very important with business documents, merchandise or spare parts for an urgent repair. "
"Crossties were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place. Gradually, however, it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a stip of iron on the top. "
"Crown Office, which is in overall charge of prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment. "
"Cuomo, 53, began his governorship earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage. "
"Curiously, though, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the route, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds. "
"Current senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires. "
"Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25. "
"Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, stated the outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeepers. "
"Danius said, Right now we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. For now, that is certainly enough. "
"Del Potro had the early advantage in the second set, but this too required a tie break after reaching 6-6. "
"Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop. "
"Despite leaving the show in 1993 he kept the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every season in royalties. "
"Despite there being no tsunami threat, residents started to panic and began to leave their businesses and homes. "
Do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures. 
"Domestic goats were generally kept in herds that wandered on hills or other grazing areas, often tended by goatherds who were frequently children or adolescents, similar to the more widely known shepherd. These methods of herding are still used today. "
"Downhill skiing as a sport goes back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia. "
"Downhill snowsports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports involving sliding down snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet. "
"Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association cautioned that the research is still in its early days. "
"Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb approximately 15 miles north of Cincinnati lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in an apparently heavily medicated state. "
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region KwaZulu-Natal. 
"Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan has, Japan is often referred to, on a geographical stance, as an archipelago "
Due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the Galapagos. 
"Due to the underwater topology the return flow is concentrated at a few deeper sections, and a fast current to deep water may form there. "
"During blizzards, enough snow to get you stuck can fall in very little time. "
"During his trip, Iwasaki ran into trouble on many occasions. "
"During the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation. "
"During the 1976 selections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger. "
"During the 1980s he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show. "
"During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government—with the Congress being its only component—under the Articles of Confederation. "
"During the struggle for independence organised by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the killing of the paramount chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III. "
During these periods fierce warfare took place between many nobles fighting for the throne. 
"During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny. "
Dustin Goldust Runnels commented that Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place. 
Duty free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods exempted from taxes and excises at certain locations. 
"Duvall, who is married with two adult children, did not leave a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related. "
Each temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner sanctuary that only the priests could enter. 
"Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space. "
Earlier the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked. 
"Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more. "
Economic links have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure in political negotiations. 
Edgar Veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while Kristoffer Schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face. 
Efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain. 
"Elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals like silver and gold. "
"Ellsworth Land is the region south of the Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea. "
"Entertainment news website TMZ understands the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the California Highway Patrol police officer conducting the traffic stop to order him back across, twice. "
"Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times. "
"European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama found the Cape Route from Europe to India. "
"Even traditionally, though, not all Sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals. "
"Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species. "
"Eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first full-iron rails were introduced. "
"Ever since the Federal Government stepped in to take over funding of the Mersey hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised this act as a stunt in the prelude to the federal election to be called by November. "
"Every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go their workplace and are passed by others whose work destination is the place they have just left. "
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity. 
Everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems. Almost everyone complains about transportation systems. 
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms. 
"Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and face. "
"Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem. "
"Famous singers across the country presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to Shri Shyam's feet. "
Farther south is Niagara Falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the Muskoka and beyond. 
Fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters. 
"Feel free to pencil in your own marks, but remember the printed bowing marks are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected. "
Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna. 
Feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away. 
Field trips are a large part of any classroom. Quite often a teacher would love to take her students places to which a bus trip is not an option. 
"Filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company. "
"Final results from Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been reelected by a large margin. "
"Finally, there are many small cats (including loose pet cats) that eat the far more numerous small prey like insects, rodents, lizards, and birds. "
"Finland is a great boating destination. The Land of a thousand lakes has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos. "
Fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm. 
First among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors. 
"First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole. "
"Five minutes into the display a wind starts rolling in, about a minute later, the wind is reaching 70km/h... then the rain comes, but so hard and so large that it slaps your skin like a needle, then hail fell from the sky, people panicking and screaming and running over each other. "
Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to drown out women from speaking out about women’s health were unsuccessful. 
"For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk. "
For a comparison of population that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the US than there are Canadian citizens. 
"For example visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine valley or taking a cruise to interesting cites on the Danube or boating along the Erie Canal. "
"For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the State Capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook. "
"For example, one might say that the motor car necessarily leads to the development of roads. "
"For example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the close of the analog film era. "
"For example, learning and socialization are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995). "
"For instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever tasted a turkey. "
"For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo. "
For over a thousand years the Christian religion had bound European states together despite differences in language and customs. I 
"For some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience. "
"For some, understanding something about how aircraft work and what happens during a flight may help to overcome a fear which is based on the unknown or on not being in control. "
"For the Springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak. "
"Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively. "
"Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically. "
Foster care is supposed to provide all the necessities that were lacking in the home they were previously taken from. 
"Four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the Giant Slalom failed to rank in the race. "
Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on or near coastlines were closed all of Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted. 
"France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer this virus; following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy. "
French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings. 
"Fruit pastries are common, with apples cooked into pastries year round, and cherries and plums making their appearances during the summer. "
"Generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B. "
"Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain one of the guys (or gals). "
"German pastries are quite good, and in Bavaria, are quite rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, Austria. "
"Germany was a common enemy in World War 2, leading to cooperation between the USSR and USA. With the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out. "
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start. 
"Goats seem to have been first domesticated roughly 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran. "
Gold may be worked into all sorts of shapes. It can be rolled into tiny shapes. 
Goma is a tourist city of the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme east near Rwanda. 
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Actress respectively. 
Gothic style peaked in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century. 
"Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland. "
"Had the Allies failed, Germany probably would have been able to conquer Britain as it had the rest of Europe. "
Hamilton confirmed Howard University Hospital admitted the patient in stable condition. 
"Handicraft products might be defined as antiques, though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods. "
"He added that they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities. "
"He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager in his previous job) to Thomas Edison. "
"He built a WiFi door bell, he said. "
"He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output. "
He even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs. 
He has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the Games. 
He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016. 
"He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries. "
He referred to the rumors as political chatter and silliness. 
He trained as an obstetrician and began to work at the Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959. 
"He was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work including the Prime Ministerial portraits on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 bills. "
He was greeted by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with the Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. 
He was initially hospitalised in the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth. 
"He was reportedly aged in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said [w]hile I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim. "
"He was robbed by pirates, attacked in Tibet by a rabid dog, escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India. "
He was subsequently relocated to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge. 
"Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race. "
"Her other race, the Giant Slalom, saw her finish in tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined run time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than first place finisher Austrian Claudia Loesch and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth place finisher Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary. "
"Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium. "
"High winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones. "
"His 1,000th stamp was the magnificent Great Deeds by Swedish Kings by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records. "
His research showed that if a hormone was administered it would speed up the baby's foetal lung maturation. 
"His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it right after his pit-stop, probably because a badly tucked right front wheel. "
His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few household names among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work alone. 
"Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate. "
Historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations. 
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no effects from the earthquake and that the Number 1 and 2 reactors at its Shika nuclear power plant were shut down. 
Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and is the place that many tourists regard as the main focus. 
"However, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a handful of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of car ownership. "
"However, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west could lag behind by 25 to 30 year. "
"However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the first official language. "
"However, people who know a little Spanish may hastily conclude that Portuguese is close enough that it need not be studied separately. "
"However, that is not true. Although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map. "
"However, the driver sustained serious injuries to the head. "
"However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems to be low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any particular moment in South Africa. "
"However, these plans were rendered obsolete nearly overnight, when over 800,000 soldiers from the Soviet's Union Red Army entered and created the Belarussian and Ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral. "
"However, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle. "
"However, this does not come cheap: as rough rules of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class! "
Hu encouraged developing countries to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later. 
Huhne and Pryce are scheduled to appear at the Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16. 
Huhne has resigned and he will be replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the Business Minister job Davey is vacating. 
Hydrogen ions are protons that had their electrons stripped off them (since Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron). 
"I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country duty-free. "
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumping over and pushing them, Armand Versace said. "
"If a rider is thrown from a horse but has a foot caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. To minimize this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken. "
"If an iron isn't available, or if you don't fancy wearing ironed socks, then you can try using a hairdryer, if available. "
"If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected. "
"If the country you will be visiting becomes subject to a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected. "
"If they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs. "
"If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting specimens is also going to get you ejected, without discussion. "
"If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may have a tricky situation. "
"If you find yourself resetting the clock in your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off. "
"If you have watched the movie National Treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the Declaration of Independence. "
If you only go ashore using shipboard excursions you will not need a separate visa (as of 2009). 
"If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon. "
"If you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen. "
If you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music. 
"If you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate. "
"In 1624,Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations. "
"In 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces take control of Taiwan’s western and northern coastal areas and declared Taiwan as a province of the Qing Empire in 1885. "
"In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job with the Edison Company in New York City. "
"In 1895, after defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signs the Treaty of Shimonoseki, by which it cedes sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which rules the island until 1945. "
"In 1956 Słania moved to Sweden, where three years later he began work for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver. "
"In 1989 he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team. "
"In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands. "
"In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistria Republic in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any UN member country. "
"In 2002 Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the town’s streets, particularly the town centre. "
"In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope. "
"In Japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court. "
"In a carriage, they traveled back to Paris surrounded by a mob of people screaming and shouting threats against the King and Queen. "
"In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program. "
"In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp. "
"In an adoption, the birth parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple may parent the child. "
"In an interview, he said the new variant was very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate. "
"In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids. "
In developed countries you seldom hear similar levels of complaints about water quality or bridges falling down. 
"In fact, it is not easy to find at all even if one knew it existed. Once inside the cave, it is a total isolation. "
In good conditions you will be able to cover somewhat greater distances than walking – but only very seldom you will get the speeds of cross country skiing without a heavy backpack in groomed tracks. 
"In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used. "
"In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio. "
In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany. 
"In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station. "
"In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on shopping television channel QVC. "
"In many cases, enrolling on a gap-year course abroad can actually improve your chances of moving into higher education back in your home country. "
"In many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, particularly in Poland, similar setups were made, which were viewed by a great number of people. "
"In one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts. "
"In particular, it is claimed that one can detect whether a person is lying by interpreting micro-expressions correctly. "
"In principle the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love. "
"In remote locations, without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option. "
"In some areas boiling water for a minute is enough, in others several minutes are needed. "
"In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called The Giant Province of the Indies, was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups. "
"In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments to it. "
In the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht. 
"In the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs. "
"In the context of Romanticism, the geography molded individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography arose, and these, being in harmony with the place of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws. "
"In the manner that Paris is known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, Constantinople was regarded as the fashion capital of feudal Europe. "
"In the north the region is bounded by the Sahel, and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean. "
"In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important. "
"In this dynamic transport shuttle everyone is somehow connected with, and supporting, a transport system based on private cars. "
"Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests. "
Infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves. 
Inland waterways can be a good theme to base a holiday around. 
Insects were the first animals to take to the air. Their ability to fly helped them evade enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently. 
"Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made. "
International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased. 
"Ironing damp clothes can help them dry. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available for loan, even if one is not present in the room. "
Israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed while the PA agrees to leave such presence only for five years. 
"It also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form. "
It also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur such as T. rex would be no match for it. 
It also had no authority to override tax laws and tariffs between states. 
"It can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called illuminated manuscripts. "
"It can be pulled into thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be hammered or rolled into sheets. "
"It had been scheduled to be cut down on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling. "
"It has a notably wide variety of plant communities, due to its range of microclimates, differing soils and varying levels of altitude. "
"It has been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumours affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions. "
"It has brought us the train, the car, and many other transportation devices. "
It is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years. 
It is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive. 
"It is nearly impossible to exchange Falklands currency outside of the islands, so exchange money prior to leaving the islands. "
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have. 
"It is obvious enough that the world has changed much because of humankind's scientific and technological advancements, and problems have become greater because of overpopulation and mankind's extravagant lifestyle. "
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and it is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks). 
"It is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots. "
It is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity. 
"It is still produced today, but more importantly its aspect ratio has been inherited by digital camera image sensor formats. "
It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands. 
"It isn’t alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research. "
"It may also be beneficial for one to buy a Wild Card, which provides entry to either selections of parks in South Africa or all of the South African National Parks. "
It states that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example). 
It takes a giant rocket over a 100 feet high to put a satellite or telescope in space. 
It uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information. 
"It warns No one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos. "
It was at this time that the transfer of the title of Fashion Capital from Constantinople to Paris was made. 
It was one of the major stops during Henry Louis Gates' PBS special Wonders of the African World. 
It was ruled by the Vichy French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them. 
"It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago. "
"It was to last for the next 40 years and would be fought for real, by proxy armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places. "
"It's expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000. "
It's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village. 
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies. 
"Italy's national football, along with German national football team is the second most successful team in the world and were the FIFA World Cup champions in 2006. "
Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner. 
"Its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path. "
Its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 A.D. and lasted up until about 1100 A.D. 
Its status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that Crusaders had returned bearing gifts such as silks and spices that were valued more than what Byzantine markets offered. 
"Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had been aware of 27 accidents related to the devices. "
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal that what Westerners may be used to. 
"Japans holds nearly 7,000 islands (the biggest being Honshu), making Japan the 7th largest island in the world! "
"Just like the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way exert a force on the Sagittarius galaxy. "
"Lakkha Singh presented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him. "
Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness. 
"Last month Iran saw its worst air disaster in years when an airliner heading to Armenia crashed, killing the 168 on board. "
Last month a presidential commission recommended the prior CEP's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections. 
"Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called non-serious. "
"Late on Sunday, the United States President Donald Trump, in a statement delivered via the press secretary, announced US troops would be leaving Syria. "
"Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar. "
"Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a thorough and complete rewriting of the Conservative party's environmental bill. "
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived Washington insiders. 
Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and entered a career in medicine. 
"Like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes. "
"Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey. "
"Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides. "
"Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes shy and you will see them better with binoculars. "
"Local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the plant to stay indoors, turn off air-conditioners and not to drink tap water. "
"Looking decidedly rusty in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa however steadily improved as the tournament progressed. "
"MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, the spinal cord and the optic nerve. "
"Machu Picchu consist of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows. "
"Madagascar is by far the biggest, and a continent on its own when it comes to wildlife. "
"Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar zones in the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (specially pork), and uses olive oil throughout. "
"Many German baked goods also feature almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often pair particularly well with a cup of strong coffee. "
"Many common formats (APS family of formats, for example) are equal to or closely approximate this aspect ratio. "
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks. 
Many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted also by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world. 
Many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and is alive today. We call them birds. 
Many people don't think about them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly. 
"Many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare. "
Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday. 
"Mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies. "
"Members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot. "
"Michael Schumacher ended his race not long after Alonso, because of the suspension damage in the numerous battles during the race. "
"Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership. "
Minor cultures often vanish without leaving relevant historic evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations. 
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict. 
Money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in Stanley across from the FIC West store. 
"Montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common. "
"More traditional churches often hold an Easter Vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate Christ's resurrection. "
"Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death. "
"Mosasaurus was the apex predator of its time, so it feared nothing, except other mosasaurs. "
"Most deaths happen as result of fatigue trying to swim back against the current, which may be impossible. "
"Most districts are served by small Japanese Coaster Buses, which are comfortable and sturdy. "
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back along the body. 
"Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has effects on societies that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned. "
Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions. 
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared. 
"Most of the distinct Baltic Cruises feature an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Russia. "
Most of the life of the Hebrew family happened in the open air. 
"Most of the monasteries do provide wraps for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you'll get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance. "
"Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and known as luxury beach resorts. "
"Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the Senate as member of the Buenos Aires province delegation. "
Muhammad was deeply interested in matters beyond this mundane life. He used to frequent a cave that became known as Hira‘ on the Mountain of Noor (light) for contemplation. 
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set. 
"Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation. "
"Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells. "
NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen after the time we are concerned about. 
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata prefecture was operating normally. 
"Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the Bible in Latin. "
"Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife. "
"Needless to say, if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese. "
"Negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear. "
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition. Therefore it narrows the research area and makes it much more exact. 
"New Kingdom ancient Egyptians marvelled at their predecessors monuments, which were then well over a thousand year old. "
"Next, some saddles, particularly English saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to fall off the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider. "
NextGen is a system the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions. 
"No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do. "
"No extra transport is being put on and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride facilities are unavailable at the ground. "
No immediate reports of damage have been received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center. 
"No major damage or injuries have been reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC. "
"No matter how docile they may look, bison, elk, moose, bears, and nearly all large animals can attack. "
"No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the quake did not meet the magnitude 6.5 requirement. "
North Shore beaches (in North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south. 
"Nothing can be seen other than the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave. "
"Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices. "
"Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is. "
"Of course, the superprofits derived from the protracted exploitation of the Filipino people would constitute the basic gains of U.S. imperialism. "
Officials for the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard as they argue that it was in imminent danger of falling over. 
"Oliver Sacks, in his paper The President's Speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech because of brain damage are nevertheless able to assess sincerity accurately. "
"On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called Operation Dragoon. "
"On Monday, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, publicly announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden the committee, unable to reach Bob Dylan directly about winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, had abandoned its efforts to reach him. "
"On icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt. "
"On some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem. "
"On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round. "
"On the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although British and United States currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method. "
"Once the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains. "
"One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death. "
One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office. 
One can only wonder what the keyboard will become when something newer comes along. 
One of the main Christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the monetary funds of the church are there specifically for that reason. 
"One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up. "
One of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of WWII. The Americans were trying to move men and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain. 
"One was sent to George Washington on July 6, who had it read to his troops in New York on July 9. A copy reached London on August 10. "
"Only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer. "
"Other biorhythm-based options involve drinking lots of fluid (particularly water or tea, a known diuretic) prior to sleep, forcing one to get up to urinate. "
"Other subjects on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less-polluting ways. "
Other topics covered reportedly include the future state of Jerusalem which is sacred to both nations and the Jordan Valley issue. 
Others are alleged to have been brought up by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild on their own. 
"Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbour. "
"Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present. "
"Our foster care system is supposed to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable health care. "
"Out of 1,400 people polled prior to the 2010 federal election, those who oppose Australia becoming a republic grew by 8 per cent since 2008. "
"Out on the savanna, it is hard for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino-acid requirements from available plant resources. "
Over four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral. 
"Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population. "
"Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant. "
Parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies. 
"People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools. "
People may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers returning home. 
"People now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener. "
People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals. 
"Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals. "
"Perry stated that he would return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race, but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary. "
Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar. 
"Pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in a worse case cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or transmit infections. "
Plans for vaccines to be delivered to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to lack of funds and low prioritisation relative to other diseases. 
"Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even just one specimen. "
"Plants make oxygen which humans breathe, and they take in carbon-dioxide which humans exhale (that is, breathe out). "
Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade. 
"Please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population. "
"Please treat the site with all of the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis. "
Poland's men's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G. 
Police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day. 
Police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant of responsibility for the attack. 
Police superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused appeared in court with covered faces. 
"Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing. "
Posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections — commonly 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and strict obedience to them is even more important than otherwise. 
Potro received treatment to his shoulder at this point but managed to return to the game. 
"Pre-modern observatories are usually obsolete today, and remain as museums, or sites of education. "
Pre-operative transgender people should not expect to pass through the scanners with their privacy and dignity intact. 
"Previously, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, remarked the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from his shop in his garage. "
"Prides are made up of one to three related adult males, along with as many as thirty females and cubs. "
"Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after Tuesday's 25 minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO. "
"Prior to the arrival of troops, Haiti had not encountered problems related to the disease since the 1800s. "
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects. 
Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written 
"Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species "
"Re-entry shock comes on sooner than culture shock (there's less of a honeymoon phase), lasts longer, and can be more severe. "
"Regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms. "
"Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese. "
Reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood among the Sámi and the culture surrounding the trade is important also for many with other professions. 
Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece. 
"Remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night. "
Research has found that females are two times more likely to have MS then males. 
Research in AI involves making machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior. 
"Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported the new species evolved in just two generations, though this process had been believed to take much longer, due to breeding between an endemic Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris. "
"Resembling a television remote, the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space. "
"Resting on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world. "
"Ring also settled a lawsuit with competing security company, the ADT Corporation. "
"Rip currents are the returning flow from waves breaking off the beach, often at a reef or similar. "
"Robin Uthappa made the innings highest score, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes. "
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists. 
"Romanticism had a large element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel. "
"Sadly, as newer methods of writing have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to lesser status and uses. "
Safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in Africa and the highlight for many visitors. 
Saint Petersburg cruises include time in town. Cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms). 
"Saltwater Crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from Rockhampton. "
Same goes for the military because instead of army rankings being based on class they were now based on cailaber. 
Scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather an aid that provides support to individuals whom are undergoing a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or beginning a new project. 
"Scaffolds can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold but so is the little paperclip man in Microsoft Office. "
Schneider testified via videolink from a USAF base in his homeland. 
Science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has dislodged the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years. 
Science’s main goal is to figure out the way the world works through the scientific method. This method in fact guides most scientific research. 
"Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets collided with the Earth long ago. "
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive. 
"Scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground. "
"Scotturb Bus 403 travels regularly to Sintra, stopping at Cabo da Roca. "
"Searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive in the post-September 11, 2001 era. "
Segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools with each generation. 
Several Bishkek residents blamed protesters from the south for the lawlessness. 
Several hostages have been rescued and least six have been confirmed dead so far. 
Several large television screens were installed in various places in Rome to let the people watch the ceremony. 
"Several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year. "
Several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of February and it was announced on Tuesday. 
"Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions. "
"Severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life. "
"Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200). "
Sharing a field trip virtually is also a great way to reflect a on a trip and share experiences with future classes. 
"Sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away. "
She came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity. 
She directed officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away. 
"She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published. "
"Shooters in the supplementary pest control trial were to be closely supervised by rangers, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness evaluated. "
"Similarly, by having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for visas to each of the Schengen member countries separately, hence saving time, money and paperwork. "
Siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a Shark Tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup. 
"Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area. "
"Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters. "
"Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa. "
"Since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism. "
"Since the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs. "
"Since the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity. "
"Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare. "
"Singapore is generally an extremely safe place to be and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after arriving. "
"Singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him. "
"Six hostages, including the children and elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers. "
"Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as ski bums, planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location. "
Sleep interruption is the process of purposefully awakening during your normal sleep period and falling asleep a short time later (10–60 minutes). 
Smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year. 
"So, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label. "
"Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing. "
Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means that they tend to break apart with little or no nudging. 
"Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above Berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise. "
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children. 
"Some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers. "
"Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars). "
"Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known. "
"Some roads have been damaged, railway service interrupted in the affected areas, and the Noto Airport in Ishikawa prefecture remains closed. "
"Some venues offer alcoholic beverages on the house. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good gamblers know the importance of staying sober. "
"Sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples. "
"Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany. "
"Soon, officers equipped with riot gear entered the yard and cornered the inmates with tear gas. "
Sort of like rolling a heavy cart up a hill. Splitting the nucleus up again then releases some of that energy. 
"South Africa have defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa. "
"South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020. "
"Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola, he said. "
"Still, take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings. "
Stirrups are supports for the rider's feet that hang down on either side of the saddle. 
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal standards and allow them to develop a sense of identity. 
"Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members. "
"Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield. "
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family. 
Such children are called feral or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment. 
"Such things have become separate disciplines, which focus on providing solutions to real life problems. "
"Suits are standard business attire, and coworkers call each other by their family names or by job titles. "
Summits include breath-taking views from peaks. Climbers from all parts of the world are continually establishing new routes amongst its endless potential of walls. 
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed. 
"Swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball. "
"Taiwan beginning start way back in 15th century where European sailors passing by record the island’s name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island. "
"Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the upmarket suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland. "
"Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from technology-push or the technological imperative to a strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic associated with scientific laws and their manifestation in technology. "
"Technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. Students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class. "
Television reports show white smoke coming from the plant. 
That didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair. 
The up bow mark looks like a V and the down bow mark like a staple or a square missing its bottom side. 
The 25 Dunlap broadsides still known to exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not survived. 
"The 35mm format is actually, somewhat confusingly, 36mm in width by 24mm in height. "
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies. 
"The AI ​​system is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as has been built in several home computer and video game software applications. "
The Amazon River is the second longest and the biggest river on Earth. It carries more than 8 times as much water as the second biggest river. 
"The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, at times six miles wide. "
"The Arabs also brought Islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the Comoros and Mayotte. "
The Articles required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be amended and states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent. 
The Babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god. 
"The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing. "
"The D-Day landings and the following battles had freed the north of France, but the south still wasn't free. "
"The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce. "
The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa. 
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed working class people of other country's to began their own revolutions. 
"The Giza Plateau, or Giza Necropolis in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great Sphinx. "
The Great Pyramid at Giza is the only one of the seven wonders that is still standing today. 
"The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture. "
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to Haiti. 
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that DNA was a genetic material. 
"The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which by convention ends around 1500. "
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication. 
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today. 
"The Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border of Mozambique in the east, Zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the Crocodile River. "
The Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone. 
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru l-Badya and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading bases there. 
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this point Jerry poses no threat to land. 
"The Ninth Ward, which saw flooding as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently in waist-high water as the nearby levee was overtopped. "
The Northern Marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation. 
"The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his fitness has been in doubt. "
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana. 
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan. 
"The Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation. "
"The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755. "
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction. 
The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East. 
"The Schengen zone, however, works somewhat like one country in this respect. "
The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries. 
The Sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story. 
"The Sundarbans are the largest littoral mangrove belt in the world, stretching 80 km (50 mi) into the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland from the coast. "
"The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which about one-third is covered in water/marsh areas. "
The Sundarbans has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park. 
The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest eras in Ancient China’s history thousands of people died fighting to sit in the highest seat in the grand palace at Xi’an. 
"The Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from Indian Yoga. "
The U.N. also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the impacts. 
The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rainfall could breach the previously damaged levees. 
The United States Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense office is tracking the debris. 
"The accused are named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar. "
"The age where the events took place is commonly referred as the High Middle Ages the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300). "
The amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit. 
The announcement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. 
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the Peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas. 
The area is also home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species. 
The aspect ratio of this format (dividing by twelve to obtain the simplest whole-number ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2. 
The best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals. 
The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading 18 and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense. 
"The bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished. "
"The broad boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centers are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more of Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey. "
The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is. 
"The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely used. "
"The center of Tibetan meditation is the Deity Yoga. Through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created. "
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met. 
"The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, attached to a sophisticated sewage system. "
The city is also the base to climb the Nyiragongo volcano along with some of the cheapest Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa. 
"The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an Arabic flair than of an African. "
The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that started in October. 
The community irritation led to current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site which hosts millions of openly-licensed media. 
The composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR). 
The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the flower of choice. 
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research. 
"The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire. "
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side. 
The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled Bush's New Orleans Deal. 
"The definition has geographic variations, where the age limit might be shorter in places such as North America than in Europe. "
"The disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos. "
The distinct characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the uses and gratifications approach. 
"The document, according to the leak, will refer to the borders dispute, which Palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 Mideast War. "
The early reports say the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi. 
"The earthquake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte. "
The eathquake struck Mariana at 07:19 a.m. local time (09:19 p.m. GMT Friday). 
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter. 
"The fatalities were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback had been the driver. "
"The feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down. "
"The females are usually closely related to each other, being a large family of sisters and daughters. "
"The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play Australia. "
"The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15 game winning streak. "
The find also grants insight into the evolution of feathers in birds. 
The first cases of the disease this season were reported in late July. 
"The first known transportation was walking, humans began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo Erectus (meaning upright man). "
The first public reading of the document was by John Nixon in the yard of Independence Hall on July 8. 
The fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons. 
The forests aren't just mangrove swamps though — they include some of the last remaining stands of the mighty jungles which once covered the Gangetic plain. 
"The games kicked off at 10:00am with great weather and apart from mid morning drizzle which quickly cleared up, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby. "
The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers. 
The great majority of Hong Kong Island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore. 
"The great pyramid was created to honor the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members. "
"The harbor was the site of an infamous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain refused to leave the harbor. "
"The hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others. "
The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards. Fruit juices are pricey but excellent. 
The idea of skiing is very old — cave paintings depicting skiers date back as far as 5000 BC! 
"The job of navies has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and goods, while at the same time, interfering with your enemy's ability to move his people and goods. "
The largest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Cañitas. 
"The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you are fearful. "
"The lower the tension, the more positive the life force present. Every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment. "
"The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow. "
"The main Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles). It collects water from thousands of smaller rivers. "
"The main letters to watch out for are c and g, since their pronunciation varies based on the following vowel. "
"The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called Manta. "
The major religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christian. 
"The medical charity Mangola, Medecines Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organisation say it is the worst outbreak recorded in the country. "
The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report truly regrettable. 
The mob of people forced the King And Queen to have their carriage windows wide open. 
"The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Merenids as a strategic port called Anfa. "
"The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell. "
"The money could go toward flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification. "
"The most readily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins accessible in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked. "
"The mountains of the Peninsula here merge into the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360 km chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier. "
"The movie, featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all major categories. "
The much-abused and often-ridiculed rule of thirds is a simple guideline creating dynamism while keeping a measure of order in an image. 
"The northern part or Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinson Massif, peaking at 4892 m Mount Vinson. "
The number of people present was so large that it was not possible for everybody to gain access to the funeral in St. Peter's Square. 
"The obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you). "
The official Falklands currency is the Falkland pound (FKP) whose value is set equivalent to that of one British pound (GBP). 
"The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. Airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in. "
"The original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before. "
"The other nominations include Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay. "
"The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to undertake such measures as deployment of pig catchers in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito curtains and spraying pesticides. "
The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the tested chemical. 
The parade of buildings that make the Hong Kong skyline has been likened to a glittering bar chart that is made apparent by the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour. 
"The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided in 14 different ecozones, each supporting different wildlife. "
"The patient had been to Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus have occurred. "
"The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he subsequently died. "
The photographers later took the place of an aged lady as she needed the lavatory. Mendoza was gunned down. 
"The presence of a true invisible team (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team. "
The program started at 8:30 p.m. local time (15.00 UTC). 
The pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for kids. 
"The qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors. "
The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid. 
"The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down. "
The result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website. 
The rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes never seen before. 
The road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT. 
The rock band was due to tour the United States and Canada until September 16. 
"The ruling party, South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections. "
"The same month saw another airliner overrun a runway at Mashhad and strike a wall, killing seventeen. "
"The satellite in space gets the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly. "
The satellite was sent into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth’s atmosphere distorts some of our light and view. 
"The satellites, both of which weighed in excess of 1,000 pounds, and traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above the Earth. "
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up. 
The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does. 
"The secret to their success is the concept of the niche, a special job each cat holds that keeps it from competing with others. "
"The service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs. "
"The show originally featured amateur voice actors, local to East Texas. "
"The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star with respect to magnetic reversals. "
"The sometimes-violent protests were triggered by failure to hold elections, some due since 2011. "
The speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than that of its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s. 
The station's web site describes the show as old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin! 
"The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan. "
"The strain of bird flu lethal to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday, in marshland near Lyon in the east of France. "
"The strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries. "
"The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain. "
The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust. 
"The tenth named storm of the Atlantic Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today. "
The term bug is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects. 
"The term safari in popular use refers to overland travel to view the stunning African wildlife, particularly on savanna. "
"The terrified King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette their two young children (11 year old Marie Therese and four year old Louis-Charles) and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, on the 6th October 1789 were forced back to Paris from Versailles by a mob of market women. "
"The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar. "
"The tiger's roar is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of snarly, shouted words. "
The top of the tower was special sanctuary for the god. 
"The truck driver, who is aged 64, was not injured in the crash. "
"The two compounds react with one another to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the university said. "
"The two towers rise to a height of 83 meters, it's 378 meters long and it has two lanes of 3.50 m wide. "
"The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds. "
The vehicle itself was taken away from the scene of the accident at approximately 1200 GMT on the same day. 
"The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it didn't open to traffic until March 2017. "
"The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere. "
The village of Haldarsvík offer views of the nearby island Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church. 
The war expenditures of U.S. imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines were paid for by the Filipino people themselves. 
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation. 
The willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (X) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies. 
"The winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says. "
"The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society. "
"The work done was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy. "
The invisible team is the management team to which each of the members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member. 
"Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat. "
"Their predecessors, the Australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually. "
"Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground, said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona. "
"Then, Lakkha Singh took the lead in singing the bhajans. "
"There are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler. "
"There are also a few buses going north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives. "
"There are different ways of purifying water, some more effective against specific threats. "
"There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better. "
"There are many beaches, due to Auckland's straddling of two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas. "
There are no particular rainy and dry seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year. 
"There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual. "
"There are still many men and women alive who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death there, Jews and non-Jews alike. "
There is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques. 
There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise up to the surface. 
"There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bath houses where men and women were together in mixed company. "
"There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive. "
There's a tradition to pass the Easter night awake at some exposed point to see the sunrise. 
"There, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered with blood-stained blankets. "
"Therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about Persian grammar and understand phrases better. "
These are sometimes-crowded family beaches with a good range of shops lining the shore. Swimming is safe. 
These couples may choose to make an adoption plan for their baby. 
"These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities. "
These theories look at what it is about certain people that make them want the things that they do and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things. 
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood. 
They all ran back from where the accident had happened. 
They also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails. 
"They are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees. "
They are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the Earth will be affected. 
They can also hold the reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or procure other documents for your destination (e.g. visa). 
"They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey. "
They did two experiments marking either the DNA in the phage with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur. 
"They found the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else. "
They have cancelled the tour after lead singer Steven Tyler was injured after he fell off stage while performing on August 5. 
"They have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two back legs like a T-Rex. "
"They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event. "
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management. 
They provide greater stability for the rider but can have safety concerns due to the potential for a rider's feet to get stuck in them. 
"They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers, to keep guests in a good mood, and keep them at the premise. "
They were compelled to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial regime to defray a major part of the expenditures and the interest on bonds floated in the name of the Philippine government through the Wall Street banking houses. 
Think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route. 
"This became common practice, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons. "
This behavior oftentimes results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team. 
This can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you. 
This gives them a wider range of small places to hide from predators. 
This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects. 
This is called a chemical's pH. You can make an indicator using red cabbage juice. 
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK but Scottish justice works differently and courts have viewed publication of photos as potentially prejudicial. 
"This is especially popular with school leavers, allowing them to take a year out before university, without compromising their education. "
"This is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases. However, if we do not only want a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should deactivate them. "
"This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one to forty). "
"This is the place the British colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start. "
This means you can visit the historic city for a couple of full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night. 
"This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before. "
"This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement. "
"This offers a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock. "
This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models which help us to understand processes in our mind. 
"This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats. "
"This seems sensible, because the Earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it? "
"This term derives from ancient familiarity with Bed-bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans. "
"This theory says that most dark matter around a galaxy is located around a galaxy in a kind of halo, and is made of lots of small particles. "
This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. One size fits all for men! 
"This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable. "
"This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, though he also theorised that they change into new substances to form what we see. "
"This will allow it to be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has dual radios. "
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air. 
"Though each country was 'Scandinavian', there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland. "
"Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word Gypsy is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people. "
"Though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed. "
"Thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the Solar System moved around the Sun. "
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours. 
"Through the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as Dunlap broadsides. "
"Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration. "
"Thus, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out. "
"To better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) velocity. "
"To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head for the Kowloon waterfront opposite. "
To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra and which was made famous to foreigners after a glowing account of its splendours recorded by Lord Byron. 
To understand the Templars one must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order. 
"Today many Sámi work in modern trades. Tourism is an important income in Sápmi, the Sámi area. "
"Today, Timbuktu is an impoverished town, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport. "
"Today, the only insects that cannot fold back their wings are dragon flies and mayflies. "
"Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two summer Olympics, having hosted the games in 1964. "
Tommy Dreamer said Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman. 
Tournament top seeds South Africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded Zambia. 
Traffic Flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with one another. 
"Travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent. "
"Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages. "
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as they may affect any travel plans. 
"Travellers bound for countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco. "
Travellers may encounter animal pests that they are not familiar with in their home regions. 
Travellers who had an easy time adjusting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly hard time readjusting to their native culture. 
"Travelling by plane can be a scary experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, particularly if they've not flown before or have experienced a traumatic event. "
"Try aiming somewhere where you are not caught again or, depending on your skills and on whether you have been noticed, you might want to wait for rescue. "
"Turkey would also take over guarding captured ISIS fighters which, the statement said, European nations have refused to repatriate. "
Twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed. 
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory. 
"Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio. "
Typically there will be a tuition fee to enroll in these educational programs. 
"U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia. "
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement. 
"UN peacekeepers, whom arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are being blamed for the spread of the disease which started near the troop's encampment. "
"USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment. "
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes. 
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes. 
"Uka's weapon failed whilst pointed at a fifth man's head. Schneider has ongoing pain, blindness in one eye, a missing section of skull and a face rebuilt from titanium. "
Under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer. 
"Unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult because driver behavior cannot be predicted with one-hundred percent certainty. "
"Up means you should start at the tip and push the bow, and down means you should start at the frog (which is where your hand is holding the bow) and pull the bow. "
Using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans. 
Usually you always here the sound of tourists and vendors. The story of the sound and light is just like a story book. 
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communications. 
Vatican City's population is around 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population. 
"Virtual Scaffolds are internalized in the software and are meant to question, prompt, and explain procedures that may have been to challenging for the student to handle alone. "
Virtual team members often function as the point of contact for their immediate physical group. 
"Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences. "
Virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers. 
Visibility may also be restricted by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on vehicle windows. 
Voyagers planning sex reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they're carrying valid documents for the return trip. 
Wagonways were built in England as early as the 16th Century. 
Water is spilling over the levee in a section 100 feet wide. 
"We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification. "
"We call this process speciation, which just means the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution. "
"We can start living more friendly to the environment, we can join to the environmental movement, and we can even be activists in order to reduce the future suffering in some degree. "
"We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. Its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal. "
"We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most foods that we eat are plants. Without plants, animals could not survive. "
We perceive the Foster Care System to be a safety zone for these children. 
"When a small group of living things (a small population) gets separated from the main population that they came from (like if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that they can't easily move back) they will often find themselves in a different environment than they were in before. "
"When all available resources are effectively used across the functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can transpire. "
"When asked for comment, Miller said, Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying. "
"When completely brought up by non-human animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely like those of the particular care-animal, such as its fear of or indifference to humans. "
"When returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture. "
"When the fighting ceased after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining inmates stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells. "
"When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you are using a satellite. "
"When you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt. "
"While Goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of Goma should be researched to understand the state of the fighting that persists in the North Kivu province. "
While he was working at the hospital Liggins began to investigate premature labor during his spare time. 
"While most of their food would be familiar to us, Romans did have their share of strange or unusual feast items, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called a dormouse "
"While no one knows for certain who wrote it, it is known that early in its life, the large parchment document (it measures 29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage. "
"While one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce Ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection. "
"While project based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding goes a step beyond. "
"While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is bien élevé (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier. "
"While visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too. "
"Why do transportation systems engender such complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? Are transportation engineers just incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on? "
Why would an organization want to go through the time consuming process of establishing a learning organization? One goal for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation. 
"Widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on Bishkek's streets. "
Willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as widely variable. 
"Winter sports are most popular in the Northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events. "
"With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation. "
"With Kundalini Yoga the Kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations. "
"With only eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make the medal podium. "
"With two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began. "
Women did the cooking in the yard; stores were just open counters looking into the street. Stone was used for building houses. 
"Women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc. "
"Women: It is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status. "
"Workers must often get their superiors' approval for any decisions they make, and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without question. "
"Workplace harmony is crucial, emphasizing group effort rather than praising individual accomplishments. "
"Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776. The text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down. "
Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two 'black box' flight recorders on Wednesday. 
Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. we treat you. 
"Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities. "
You can also have alloys that include small amounts of non-metallic elements like carbon. 
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins. 
You can use boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for the short ride. 
"You may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens. "
Your local telephone service provider should be able to give more information about connecting to this service. 
"he cave itself, which survived the times, gives a very vivid image of Muhammad’s spiritual inclinations. "
towards the end of the Middle Ages western Europe began to develop their own style. one of the biggest developments of the time as a result of the crusades people began to use buttons to fasten clothing. 
"İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub. "
Personal involvement and continuing relationships were also identified as new motivation aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites. 
"""Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting. "
"""Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence. "
"""If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy"" Mr Costello said. "
"""It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible"", said a government spokesperson. "
"""It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is. "
"""Luckily nothing happened to me, but I saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out. "
"""Panama Papers"" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016. "
"""Some may not agree but I don't care. "
"""Thanks for those who supported a convict like me,"" Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference. "
"""The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority."" "
"""We were all simply in shock,"" the mother stated. "
"2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, ""Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion."" "
"A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show ""Zoungla"" in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption. "
"A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.' "
"According to Ansa, ""police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession. "
"After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam. "
"After the match, King of Clay said, ""I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this."" "
"Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride."" "
"As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth,"" added Stofan. "
"As mentioned above, though the word ""Eskimo"" remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada. "
"Attention Deficit Disorder ""is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy"". "
"Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident ""green card"". "
British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this. 
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (“Kriegsmarine”) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel. 
"But, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. The stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are ""neighbors"". "
"Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as ""the building blocks of life"". "
"Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no ""rough areas."" "
"Despite these accusations, Ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the Chinese mainland. "
"During his 2 hour speech he stated that ""Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today"". "
"Fire captain Scott Kouns said, ""It was a hot day in the Santa Clara with temperatures in the 90s. "
German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines. 
"Germany code-named the attack “Operation Sealion”. Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak. "
"Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the ""cloud""). "
"He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the ""settled law of the land"", emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings. "
"He originally named the Hangeul alphabet Hunmin Jeongeum, which means ""the correct sounds for the instruction of the people"". "
"He received the ""Hero of the Soviet Union"", the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work. "
"He went on to say, ""This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."" "
"However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means ""come over,"" similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose. "
"However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and ""legal"" walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags. "
"However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."" "
Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance. 
Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis. 
"I expect to return to all my duties on Monday,"" Arias said in a statement. "
"In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first “whole-body” MRI scanner, which he called the ”Indomitable”. "
"In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner. "
"In Rogaland and Agder they are usually called ""hei"" meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather. "
"In many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating ""hello."" "
"In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to ""camp"". "
"It is not a learning disability, it is a learning disorder; it ""affects 3 to 5 percent of all children, perhaps as many as 2 million American children"". "
"It was based on the German alphabet and one character ""Õ/õ"" was added. "
"Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means ""western claw."" "
"John Grant, from WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's home station) said ""Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read,... the love of reading — [the show] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read."" "
"Leonov, also known as ""cosmonaut No. 11"", was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts. "
"Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the ""little brother"" of Germany and Japan. "
"On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or ""spacewalk"", remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes. "
"One of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window,"" said survivor Franciszek Kowal. "
"Perry specifically said, ""There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."" "
"Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that ""the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part. "
"Scientists call this process ""stimulated emission of radiation"" because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation. "
"She said, ""There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently. "
"Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for ""way of the guru"". The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs. "
"Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed ""Political Agents"" to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas. "
"That means everything has to be put back,"" said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw. "
"The ""typical"" visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home. "
"The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up ""prominent landmarks"" in Ethiopia and Kenya. "
"The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that ""extremists from Somalia"" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia. "
"The commissioner said, ""We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020"". "
"The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as ""a trap"" dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself. "
"The governor also stated, ""Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."" "
"The judge told Blake it was ""almost inevitable"" he was going to be sent to jail. "
"The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to ""prevent piracy"". "
"The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means ""ball of light"". "
"The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as ""beneficial"". "
"The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the ""O"" to read lowercase ""e"". "
"There are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of ""going to Disney World"". "
"These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992."" "
"These children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they ""engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority"" in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods. "
"These plateaus are often referred to as ""vidde"" meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse. "
"They also said in a statement, ""The crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship"". "
"They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become ""tornadoes"" when they touch the ground. "
"They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a ""photon"". "
"To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show ""Troy"". "
"Virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of Northern Rock, not the asset management company. "
"We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."" "
"What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word ""cella"", meaning ""small room"", and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork. "
"When asked what the father said, she answered ""He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking."" "
"When you travel, expect things not to be like they are ""back home"". Manners, laws, food, traffic, lodging, standards, language and so on will to some extent differ from where you live. "
"With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as ""Hawaii down under"". "
"Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as ""King Tut"" or ""The Boy King"", is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times. "
"“It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah,” Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said. "
"""Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting."
"""Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence."
"""If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy"" Mr Costello said."
"""It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible"", said a government spokesperson."
"""It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is."
"""Luckily nothing happened to me, but I saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out."
"""Panama Papers"" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016."
"""Some may not agree but I don't care."
"""Thanks for those who supported a convict like me,"" Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference."
"""The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority."""
"""We were all simply in shock,"" the mother stated."
"2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, ""Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion."""
21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City last year in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million.
"250 years later, Guinness has grown to a global business that turns over 10 billion euros (US$14.7 billion) every year."
"28-year-old Vidal had joined Barça three seasons ago, from Sevilla."
"800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System were closed down following a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska."
A Hangi Meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
A Triceratops could have used its strong beak to strip off the leaves before eating the trunk.
"A World's Fair (commonly called World Exposition, or simply Expo) is large international festival of arts and sciences."
"A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle had not yet been invented, so the Assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses."
A cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living (things) organism.
A change was made this legislative session when the second sentence was deleted first by the House of Representatives and then was passed in a similar form by the Senate Monday.
A contagious disease is a disease which is easily transmitted by being in the vicinity of an infected person.
A couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter.
"A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show ""Zoungla"" in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption."
"A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said."
"A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.'"
A hospitality exchange network is the organization that connects travelers with locals in the cities they are going to visit.
"A hostel collapsed in Mecca, the holy city of Islam at about 10 o'clock this morning local time."
"A listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers."
"A person who weighs 200 pounds (90kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16kg) on Io. So the gravity, of course, pulls less on you."
A population is the collection of organisms of a particular species within a given geographic area.
A power failure following a routine fire-command system test caused relief valves to open and crude oil overflowed near the Fort Greely pump station 9.
"A tornado is a spinning column of very low-pressure air, which sucks the surrounding air inward and upward."
"A traveller with piles of money might consider a round the world flight, broken up with stays in many of these hotels."
A triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots.
A visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the lake.
ADD affects relationships with other peers because other children can not understand why they act the way that they do or why they spell they way they do or that their maturity level is different.
AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join.
About ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared.
"About three thousand years later, in 1610, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does."
Access to these services is often through a toll-free telephone number that can be called from most phones without charge.
"Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety."
"According to Ansa, ""police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession."
"According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak."
"According to the story, his motivation was fame at any cost. The Ephesians, outraged, announced that Herostratus' name never be recorded."
"Accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed."
After hundreds of hours of operation the filament in the bulb eventually burns out and the light bulb no longer works.
"After initial military setbacks, Ethelred was able to agree to terms with Olaf, who returned to Norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success."
"After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam."
"After the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of Bhutan's most sensational attractions."
"After the match, King of Clay said, ""I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this."""
"After you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website."
"Airlines such as Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways & Turkish Airlines have greatly expanded their services to Africa, and offer connections to many major African cities at competitive rates than other European airlines."
"Airlines that offer these include Air Canada, Delta Air Lines, Lufthansa for flights originating from the U.S. or Canada, and WestJet."
Al Gore and General Tommy Franks casually rattle off their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion reported he and Tipper were having the best sex of their lives after his 2000 Electoral College defeat).
"Alexander, as king, offered to pay to rebuild the temple, but his offer was denied. Later, after Alexander died, the temple was rebuilt in 323 BCE."
"Already reporting in English and Japanese, the global organization is launching Spanish, Italian, and Korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices."
Also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help.
"Also, in warmer climates bacteria both grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body."
"Although Chile declared independence in 1810 (amid the Napoleonic wars that left Spain without a functioning central government for a couple of years), decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818."
"Although in the end, Krushchev sent in tanks to restore order, he did give way to some economic demands and agreed to appoint the popular Wladyslaw Gomulka as the new prime minister."
"Although in theory they can take place annually (so long as they are in different countries), in practice they are not."
"Although its physical state may change, its chemical state remains the same."
"Although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations."
"Although some scholars speculate that since the civilisation also existed in the basins of the now dried up Sarasvati River, it should be aptly called the Indus-Sarasvati Civilization, while some call it the Harappan Civilization after Harappa, the first of its sites to be excavated in the 1920s."
"Although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance."
"Among these abilities, understanding the intention of others is crucial. It allows us to resolve possible ambiguities of physical actions."
"An Avenger class mine countermeasures ship, the ship was on its way to Puerto Princesa in Palawan."
"An additional 300 brings the total to 1,300 carriages to be acquired to relieve overcrowding."
"An immigration checkpoint is usually the first stop when disembarking from a plane, a ship, or another vehicle."
"An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, where the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry."
"An infectious disease is one that is caused by a pathogen, such as a virus, bacterium, fungus or other parasites."
An inquiry was established to investigate.
An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
"And then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the Mara river, after the rains in around April."
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs.
"Animals are found all over the earth. They dig in the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky."
Animals are made of many cells. They eat things and digest them inside. Most animals can move.
Another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower.
"Another famous Greek is a mathematician Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles."
"Another secondary containment area below the tanks capable of holding 104,500 barrels was not yet filled to capacity."
"Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole."
Any camping below the rim in Grand Canyon requires a backcountry permit.
"Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride."""
Anyone interested in seeing evidence of the damage to the mummy done during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible.
Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the device by walking onto the stage and taking the iPhone out of his jeans pocket.
Architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
"Architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design."
"Arias tested positive for a mild case of the virus, Presidential Minister Rodrigo Arias said."
Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well.
"Around 11:29, the protest moved up Whitehall, past Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, passing by Aldwych and up Kingsway towards Holborn where the Conservative Party were holding their Spring Forum in the Grand Connaught Rooms hotel."
"Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany."
"Arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. About 1000 B.C., the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry."
"As a result of this, a big scandal within the Greek legal community has been raised through the exposure of illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and attorneys have done during the previous years."
"As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination."
"As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth,"" added Stofan."
"As mentioned above, though the word ""Eskimo"" remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada."
"As of Wednesday afternoon, the tank vents were still leaking probably from thermal expansion inside the tank."
"As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian."
As the ability to obtain knowledge and to learn changed in such a way as mentioned above the base rate at which knowledge was obtained changed.
"As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory."
"As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean."
"As time passed, many words that were borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment."
"As well as a former Olympic and World champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death."
"As with respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in hot climates are fairly common and in most cases are distinctly annoying but not really dangerous."
Asynchronous communication encourages time for reflection and reaction to others.
"At 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up."
"At 1:15 a.m. Saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it."
"At a minimum, you need footwear with suitable soles. Summer shoes are usually very slippery on ice and snow, even some winter boots are deficient."
"At exactly 8:46 a.m. a hush fell across the city, marking the exact moment the first jet struck its target."
"At home, due to this constant exposure to the local germs, odds are very high that you're already immune to them."
"At its peak, Tropical Cyclone Gonu, named for a bag of palm leaves in the language of the Maldives, reached sustained winds of 240 kilometers an hour (149 miles per hour) ."
"At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year."
"At the edge of glaciers huge blocks break loose, fall down and perhaps jump or roll farther from the edge."
"At the time of the award, Atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores."
"At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area."
"At the top end, B&Bs obviously compete mainly on two main things: bedding and breakfast."
Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits.
"Attention Deficit Disorder ""is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy""."
"Australia's former conservative government refused to ratify Kyoto, saying it would damage the economy with its heavy reliance on coal exports, while countries like India and China were not bound by emissions targets."
Authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest.
Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created with the intent of facilitating communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating.
"Avalanches are not an abnormality; steep slopes can hold only so much slow, and the excess volumes will come down as avalanches."
"Based on Fray Bartolomé de las Casas (Tratado de las Indias) between 1492 and 1498 the Spanish conquerors killed around 100,000 Taínos."
"Basically you'll be putting up notices offering your help, pacing the docks, approaching people cleaning their yachts, trying to make contact with sailors in the bar, etc."
"Basically, they fall into two categories: Either work while you travel or try and limit your expenses. This article is focused on the latter."
Batten was ranked 190th on the 2008 400 Richest Americans list with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion.
Be assured that once you hit the marinas everything will be pretty obvious. You will meet other boat hitchhikers and they will share their information with you.
Be sure the agent through whom you book is a Galapagos specialist with a good knowledge of a wide variety of ships.
"Beaches, theme parks and camp grounds are often the most common places frequented by recreational tourists."
"Because calls are routed over the Internet, you do not need to use a phone company located where you live or where you travel."
"Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them."
"Because the bottom of the blade is slightly curved, as the blade tilts to one side or the other, the edge which is in contact with the ice also curves."
"Before the Spanish arrived in the 16th century, northern Chile was under Inca rule while the indigenous Araucanians (Mapuche) inhabited central and southern Chile."
Beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies and the indoor ice events.
"Besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the Indian national flag, painted on all sides."
"Besides white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country is home to the oldest European city in the Americas, now part of Santo Domingo."
Beware: small-town bars here are not always good places for the out-of-state visitor to hang out.
"Bird flu, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals."
Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
Blood goes away from the heart in tubes called arteries and comes back to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries.
Boomerang throwing is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire.
"Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident ""green card""."
"Born in the Croatian capital, Zagreb, Bobek gained fame while playing for Partizan Belgrade."
Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games.
"Bowen Island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more."
"Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country."
Breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish.
British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this.
"But in other parts of the world, where the bacteriological fauna are new to you, you're far more likely to run into problems."
But is our imagination based on reality? Why were castles built in the first place? How were they designed and built?
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (“Kriegsmarine”) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel.
"But, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. The stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are ""neighbors""."
"Buying food in supermarkets is usually the cheapest way to get fed. Without cooking opportunities, choices are however limited to ready-made food."
"By early today, winds were around 83 km/h, and it was expect to keep weakening."
"CafeNet El Sol offers a reservation service for a fee of US$30, or $10 for one-day passes; details on their Corcovado page."
Callejon del Beso (Alley of the Kiss). Two balconies separated by only 69 centimeters is home of an old love legend.
"Canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water."
"Canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example)."
"Car camping is possible if you have a large minivan, SUV, Sedan or Station Wagon with seats that lay down."
"Carrying for others - Never let your bags out of your sight, especially when you are crossing international borders."
Cell comes from the Latin word cella which means small room.
"Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as ""the building blocks of life""."
Charles was the first member of the British Royal Family to be awarded a degree.
"Check with the institution, as well as the immigration department for the country you wish to study in for detailed requirements."
Chiao and Sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters.
Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior.
"Children with ADD have a hard time focusing on things like school work, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy doing like playing games or watching their favorite cartoons or writing sentences without punctuation."
China's GDP could be larger than the United States within two decades.
"Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism."
"Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso located in the Italian region of Liguria."
"Coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region."
Cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face.
"Compared to most of the other royal tombs, however, the tomb of Tutankhamun is barely worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration."
Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
"Consider getting an eye exam at home, especially if insurance covers it, and bringing the prescription along to be filed elsewhere."
"Construction is ongoing for five new skyscrapers at the site, with a transportation center and memorial park in the middle."
Convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution.
Couchsurfing was founded in January 2004 after computer programmer Casey Fenton found a cheap flight to Iceland but did not have a place to stay.
"Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no ""rough areas."""
Cuban citizens who are US green card holders should visit an Ecuadorian Consulate to obtain an exemption to this requirement.
Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe.
David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
Day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
Despite his comments he said he will be supporting the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics being held in London.
"Despite these accusations, Ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the Chinese mainland."
Diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
Do not sleep on a mattress or pad on the ground in areas where you do not know the local fauna.
Doctors began to be recruited by Emperor Augustus and even formed the first Roman Medical Corps for use in the aftermath of battles.
"Don't forget to add in the extra costs of additional visas, departure taxes, ground transportation, etc. for all those places outside of Africa."
Dr. Lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in Turkey have now become infected with the A(H5N1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill.
"Drink alcoholic drinks with moderation. Alcohol affects everyone differently, and knowing your limit is very important."
"Due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the Old City area, Jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in Israel."
Dump trucks were used to block tube entrances and assistance of 80 police were on hand to direct motorists to detours.
"During his 2 hour speech he stated that ""Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today""."
"During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances."
"During the 18th century Cambodia found itself squeezed between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam."
"During the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy."
"During the summer, also watch out for the Nordic mosquitoes. Although they do not transmit any diseases, they can be irritating."
Each country also has unique laws requiring what emergency items need to be in the car.
Each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories.
Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days.
Each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library.
"Early in the nation's independence, Singapore Botanic Gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical Garden City."
Ecuador requires that Cuban citizens receive an invitation letter prior to entering Ecuador through international airports or frontier admission points.
"Eighteen holes are played during a regular round, with players usually starting on the first hole on the course and finishing on the eighteenth."
"Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy."
Elements and compounds can move from one state to another and not change.
"Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it."
England had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw.
Entering Southern Africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes.
"Especially in your initial days, consider splurging on Western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize."
"Estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language."
European Turkey (eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan peninsula) includes 3% of the country.
"Even if you're driving through the subtropical rainforest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get inside the vehicle is enough time for mosquitoes to get in the vehicle with you."
"Even standing amidst thousand year-old ruins it is easy to bring to mind the sounds and smells of battles long gone, to almost hear the clatter of hooves on the cobbles and to smell the fear rising from the dungeon pits."
Even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. Hypothermia is a real risk without warm clothing.
Every corner store is filled with a confusing array of pre-paid phone cards that can be used from pay phones or ordinary telephones.
Every train has both MetroPlus and Metro coaches; the MetroPlus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town.
"Every year around October nearly 1.5 million herbivores travel towards the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills for the rains."
"Evidence thereafter indicated test papers were tampered with Hall, along with 34 other education officials, was indicted in 2013."
"Eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower."
"Families with children are a rare sight, but some hostels do allow them in private rooms."
"Families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children."
"Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday."
"Fewer than a thousand cases have ever been reported in humans, but some of them have been fatal."
Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last July.
Fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and some relaxing chamomile tea at night.
"Fire captain Scott Kouns said, ""It was a hot day in the Santa Clara with temperatures in the 90s."
"First, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected."
Fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters.
"Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is almost always a bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area."
"Followers pursue certain ways of living, or practices that are intended to nurture those experiences."
Following seabed mapping the wreck was found using an ROV.
"Following the process, HJR-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislature in either 2015 or 2016 to remain in process."
"Following the race, Keselowski remains the Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points."
"For a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them."
For a few pennies some children will tell you the story.
"For a long time during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, it was believed the first inhabitants of New Zealand were the Maori people, who hunted giant birds called moas."
"For example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car."
"For instance, children who identify with a racial minority that is stereotyped as not doing well in school tend to not do well in school once they learn about the stereotype associated with their race."
"For most countries, you will need an offer letter from the institution you wish to study at, and also evidence of funds to support yourself for at least the first year of your course."
"For one thing, northern New Mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars."
"For that reason, everything you see on the TV had the borders cut, top, bottom and sides."
"For that, they had to get rid of British bases and ships in Egypt. Besides those actions, Italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else."
"For the first time, last year China exported more cars than Germany and surpassed the United States as the biggest market for this industry."
"For those unfamiliar with medical jargon, the words infectious and contagious have distinct meanings."
"For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a trek up the Sea to Sky corridor is essential."
"For those willing to sacrifice comfort, time and predictability to push expenses down close to zero, see minimum budget travel."
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote.
Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent.
Fossil hand bones two million to three million years old reveal this shift in specialization of the hand from locomotion to manipulation.
"Four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of MRI."
Fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest.
"Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W."
French law was changed. His activism went back to age 15 when he joined the French Resistance during World War II.
"General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over the Assunpink Creek and prevent any enemy troops from escaping."
"General John Cadwalder would launch a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, in order to block off any reinforcements."
German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines.
"Germany code-named the attack “Operation Sealion”. Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak."
Getting into your own car and heading off on a long road trip has an intrinsic appeal in its simplicity.
"Given how remote many of the pueblos are, you won't be able to find a significant amount of nightlife without traveling to Albuquerque or Santa Fe."
Golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls into holes.
Greed and selfishness will always be with us and it is the nature of cooperation that when the majority benefit there will always be more to gain in the short term by acting selfishly
Gridley or Stark placed a stake about 100 feet (30 m) in front of the fence and ordered that no one fire until the regulars passed it.
Hangeul is the only purposely invented alphabet in popular daily use. The alphabet was invented in 1444 during the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450).
"Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the ""cloud"")."
He also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the Roe decision depended upon.
"He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the ""settled law of the land"", emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings."
He died in Osaka on Tuesday.
He documented himself in a 1998 book.
He emailed students at the local university and received an overwhelming number of offers for free accommodation.
He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences of the University of Virginia in 1950 and was a significant donor to that institution.
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers.
"He has also been accused previously of copyright infringement, but was not charged."
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
"He originally named the Hangeul alphabet Hunmin Jeongeum, which means ""the correct sounds for the instruction of the people""."
"He received the ""Hero of the Soviet Union"", the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work."
He recently lost against Raonic in the Brisbane Open.
He was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
"He went on to say, ""This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."""
He would need to be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and it was his own car that he was trying to break into.
"Heels should be low and wide. Sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often scattered on roads or paths to improve traction."
Helicopters rescued the twelve crewmembers and the only injury was a broken nose.
Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is a cousin of Velociraptor .
"High-end brand-name frames available in such areas may have two problems; some may be knock-offs, and the real imported ones may be more expensive than at home."
"Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails."
"Hindi and Urdu are similar in vocabulary but different in script; in everyday conversations, speakers of both languages can usually understand each other."
"His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group."
"Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others."
Hostels cater primarily to young people – a typical guest is in their twenties – but you can often find older travellers there too.
"How would Io's gravity pull on me? If you stood on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than you do on Earth."
However in 991 Ethelred was faced with a Viking fleet larger than any since Guthrum's a century earlier.
"However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge where he studied Anthropology and Archaeology, and later History, earning a 2:2 (a lower second class degree)."
"However, Star Alliance covers everything except the eastern South Pacific from Santiago de Chile to Tahiti, which is a LATAM Oneworld flight."
"However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain."
"However, in June 1956, Krushchev's promises were put to the test when riots in Poland, where workers were protesting against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against Communism."
"However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means ""come over,"" similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose."
"However, nearly all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them bring in name-brand entertainment (primarily the large ones immediately surrounding Albuquerque and Santa Fe)."
"However, new evidence suggests that the Moriori were a group of mainland Maori who migrated from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands, developing their own distinctive, peaceful culture."
"However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and ""legal"" walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags."
"However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many tombs of the past were robbed, this tomb was left virtually undisturbed."
"However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe in the late 16th century."
"However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."""
"However, they have a different kind of beauty and charm during winter, with many hill stations receiving healthy amounts of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding."
"However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars."
"However, very few Royal Navy ships were based near the likely invasion routes as the admirals were afraid they would be sunk by German air attack."
Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance.
Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis.
Humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others.
Humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves.
Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
I am happy that there are people willing to support me.
"I expect to return to all my duties on Monday,"" Arias said in a statement."
"If confirmed, the find completes Allen's eight-year search for the Musashi."
"If just taking a photo of something isn't allowed, then you shouldn't even think of recording a video of it."
If the objective of one’s visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism.
If traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock.
"If traveling with a laptop or tablet, store a copy in its memory or disc (accessible without the internet)."
"If using a drone, check well in advance as to what you are allowed to film and what permits or additional licensing are required."
"If you are going to camp out, bring a camp cot or hammock to keep you away from snakes, scorpions and such."
"If you don't have a data connection for your phone, or when it is out of range, their performance can be limited or unavailable."
"If you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse."
"If you have additional travel time, check to see how your total fare quote to Africa compares with a round-the-world fare."
"If you live in a city with a varied drinking culture, go to bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent."
"If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls."
"If you visit Greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing."
"If you want to fly around the world completely in the Southern Hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations is limited due to the lack of transoceanic routes."
"If you want to learn throwing a boomerang that comes back to your hand, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning."
"If you want to see the world on the cheap, for necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are some ways to do that."
"If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies:"
"Illegal spirits can contain various dangerous impurities including methanol, which can cause blindness or death even in small doses."
"Imagine, if you will, a Mancunian, Bostonian, Jamaican and Sydneysider sitting around a table having dinner at a restaurant in Toronto."
"In 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the Drukgyal Dzong to remain, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal."
In 1957 Luxembourg became a founding member of the organization which is today known as the European Union.
"In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first “whole-body” MRI scanner, which he called the ”Indomitable”."
"In 1981, Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the nation's national flower."
"In 1994, the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan waged war against the Azeris."
In 1995 he was voted the best player in Partizan's history.
In 2009 she was awarded the title of National Superintendent of the Year.
"In 2010, while nationalised, the current high street bank Northern Rock plc was split from the ‘bad bank’, Northern Rock (Asset Management)."
"In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner."
"In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors."
"In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices."
"In Rogaland and Agder they are usually called ""hei"" meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather."
"In addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts."
"In addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of flexible working hours. (Bremer, 1998)"
"In all cases, you must book by phone directly with the airline."
"In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the Italian Tenth Army's Engineer-in-Chief, General Lastucci."
"In developed countries today, providing deluxe bed and breakfasts has been raised to a sort of art-form."
"In essence, the Renaissance made a significant change in the approach to learning and the dissemination of knowledge."
"In fact, region codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disk will play just fine on any device where the original will."
"In fact, there is not one good thing to learn.Learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented."
"In general, staying in any foreign country for an extended period of time will require you to obtain a visa in advance."
"In his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class."
"In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day."
"In many countries with such a law, local hotels will handle the registration (make sure to ask)."
"In many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating ""hello."""
"In other cases, only those staying outside of tourist accommodations need to register.  However, this makes the law much more obscure, so find out beforehand."
"In particular, the numbering system in French-speaking Belgium and Switzerland has some slight peculiarities that are different from the French spoken in France, and the pronunciation of some words is slightly different."
"In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to ""camp""."
"In some countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices."
In some cross-border trains inspections are done on the running train and you should have valid ID with you when boarding one of those trains.
"In some federal countries, such as the United States and Canada, income tax is levied both at the federal level and at the local level, so the rates and brackets can vary from region to region."
"In summer, especially, you'll need to watch out for mosquitoes if you decide to hike through the rainforest."
"In the 1480s, when its construction was begun by Lord Hastings, the country was relatively peaceful and defense was only required against small bands of roving marauders."
In the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent Algeria to teach film directing.
"In the beginning of the war they mostly travelled on top of the sea, but as radar began developing and becoming more accurate the submarines were forced to go under water to avoid being seen."
"In the heat of the day, travelers can experience mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things)."
"In the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged."
In the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
"In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day."
"In the past 20 years, the amount of child-friendly options in Uptown Charlotte has grown exponentially."
"In the rainy season (November to March), the water volume will be higher and the Falls will be more dramatic."
"In the winter, enjoy some of the best skiing in North America, and in the summer try some authentic mountain biking."
"In the year 1970, Raymond Damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis."
"In third, Hamlin is twenty points behind, but five ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points."
"In this instance, recalling previous instances of entrepreneurial behavior and resulting successes helped people to be open to new changes and new direction for the local church."
"In this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause atoms to give off tiny radio signals."
"Income tax is structured differently in different countries, and the tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another."
Increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied section of ready-made food. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food.
Individuals who had been involved for several decades helped us appreciate our strengths and passions while candidly assessing difficulties and even failures.
Inland Antarctica is a desolate plateau covered by 2-3 km of ice.
"Interactive design requires that components of a project connect to each other, but also make sense as a separate entity."
Interactive design requires that you re-assess your assumptions about media production and learn to think in a non-linear ways.
"Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists."
"International Horticultural Expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants."
"Internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. Most of them operate independently."
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot.
It allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information.
It can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere since many volunteer jobs provide room and board and a few pay a small salary.
It can be better to use an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours.
It can be customized to make it easy to read and also with as much or little color as desired.
"It can save money over buying new maps for a GPS, or a standalone GPS device or renting one from a car rental company."
"It can usually be replenished fairly easily if you run out, and gives resolution roughly comparable to a current DSLR."
"It had a weaker army and a weaker navy, although they had just built four new ships right before the beginning of the war."
"It has the same molecular structure whether it is a gas, liquid, or solid."
It is an archipelago with 15 islands spread out over 2.2 million km2 of ocean.
"It is assigned to the U.S. Navy’s Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan."
"It is believed by some, including John Grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series."
"It is not a learning disability, it is a learning disorder; it ""affects 3 to 5 percent of all children, perhaps as many as 2 million American children""."
It is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court.
"It is possible to secure park permits directly from the Ranger Station in Puerto Jiménez, but they do not accept credit cards"
"It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the Tibetan-Mongol forces."
It is the biggest acquisition in eBay's history.
"It looks a bit daunting from below, and it is a steep and difficult ascent, but most reasonably fit persons should be able to make it in about 45 minutes."
"It now functions as the central plaza, and always has a lot of things going on, day and night."
It seems actually to be more a way of tricking people into believing they have to pay more.
"It was based on the German alphabet and one character ""Õ/õ"" was added."
It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to help inexperienced folders or those with limited motor skills.
"It was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses."
"It's compacted snow with crevasses filled in and marked by flags. It can only be traveled by specialized tractors, hauling sleds with fuel and supplies."
"Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the Mediterranean Sea and invade Africa."
"Its a very complex entity which consists, according to a simplified Bohr model, of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, somewhat similar to planets orbiting the sun - see Figure 1.1."
Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
"Its frequent portrayal in music, films, literature and popular culture has helped make the city and its landmarks known throughout the world."
Its large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long.
"Its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported."
"Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means ""western claw."""
"Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54."
"Jardín de la Unión. This space was built as the atrium for a 17th-century convent, of which the Templo de San Diego is the sole surviving building."
Jarque was practicing during pre-season training at Coverciano in Italy earlier in the day. He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
"Jerusalem has many historic, archeological and cultural sites, along with vibrant and crowded shopping centers, cafés, and restaurants."
"Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, though most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as Israel's capital."
"John Grant, from WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's home station) said ""Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read,... the love of reading — [the show] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read."""
Joining such a network usually just requires filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification.
"Jonny Reid, co-driver for the A1GP New Zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old Auckland Harbour Bridge, New Zealand, legally."
"Just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in Whitehall."
"Karno is a well-known but controversial English tutor who taught under Modern Education and King's Glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career."
Keep in mind while planning that although Southern Africa is stable not all neighboring countries are.
"Kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities."
King Sejong was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded.
Komen's policy disqualified Planned Parenthood due to a pending investigation on how Planned Parenthood spends and reports its money that is being conducted by Representative Cliff Stearns.
"Lake Onega is also connected to Volga, so coming from the Caspian Sea through Russia is still possible."
"Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now."
"Last week, Naked News announced that it would dramatically increase its international language mandate to news reporting, with three new broadcasts."
Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the process of joining ACTA.
"Lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries."
"Learning to create interactive media requires conventional and traditional skills, as well as tools mastered in interactive classes (storyboarding, audio and video editing, story telling, etc.)"
"Leonov, also known as ""cosmonaut No. 11"", was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts."
"Leslie Aun, a spokesperson for the Komen Foundation, said the organization adopted a new rule that does not allow grants or funding to be awarded to organizations that are under legal investigation."
"Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the ""little brother"" of Germany and Japan."
"Living and volunteering in a foreign country is a great way to get to know a different culture, meet new people, learn about yourself, get a sense of perspective and even gain new skills."
Local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding.
Lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save Afghans the expense and security risk of another election.
"Long before The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson envisioned a publication that would parody the news—and news reporting—when they were students at UW in 1988."
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both World War I and World War II by Germany.
"MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University)."
"Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport."
Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you.
Make sure you know what you can and cannot bring in and declare anything over the legal limits.
Make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers.
"Many a stable, capable traveler has been overcome by the newness of developing world travel, where many little cultural adjustments can add up quickly."
Many buildings are quite beautiful to look at and the view from a tall building or from a cleverly-positioned window can be a beauty to behold.
"Many entire nations are completely fluent in English, and in even more you can expect a limited knowledge - especially among younger people."
"Many exotic animals are hard to find, and parks sometimes have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes."
"Many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases."
Many of their writers have gone on to wield great influence on Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's news parody shows.
"Many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and explore other worlds, some people wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life may live on another plant."
Many tickets sold online through auction websites such as eBay or Craigslist are partially used multi-day park-hopper tickets.
"Maroochydore had finished on top of the ladder, six points clear of Noosa in second."
Maroochydore then defeated Caboolture in the Preliminary Final.
Massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
"Maybe one day, your great grandchildren will be standing atop an alien world wondering about their ancient ancestors?"
"MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in Europe."
MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in and around Cape Town: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class).
"Middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate."
Modern Education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorisation and lying by saying that he was the chief English tutor.
"Moose (also known as elk) aren't inherently aggressive, but will defend themselves if they perceive a threat."
"Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour."
Most boomerangs available in Australia are in fact non-returning. It is best for beginners to not try throwing in windy
"Most have involved people who work with poultry, but there is also some risk to birdwatchers."
"Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones."
Most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple.
"Most of the temples do have an Annual festival starting from November end to Mid of May, which varies according to each temple's annual calendar."
Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are usually full during the high season).
Most televisions are made in a way to please the general public.
"Mr Costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia should pursue its use."
"Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand's A1GP car, Black Beauty at speeds over 160km/h seven times over the bridge."
"Mr. Rudd's decision to sign the Kyoto climate accord isolates the United States, which will now be the only developed nation not to ratify the agreement."
Music is often recorded using sophisticated computers to process and mix sounds together.
MySpace is the third most popular website used in the United States and has 54 million profiles currently.
"Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of religious belief and worship by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly those of a peaceful, insightful, blissful, or even ecstatic character."
"Mysticism is the pursuit of communion with, identity with, or conscious awareness of an ultimate reality, divinity, spiritual truth, or God."
Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
Nadal's head to head record against the Canadian is 7–2.
"Nadia, born on September 17, 2007, by Cesarean section at a maternity clinic in Aleisk, Russia, weighed in at a massive 17 pounds 1 ounce."
"Natural factors can intersect to produce ideal conditions, allowing this algae to increase in number dramatically."
"Nevertheless, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the standard French numbering system."
"Nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing."
News spread in the Red Lake community today as funerals for Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims were held that another student was arrested in connection with the school shootings of March 21.
Nigeria previously announced it planned to join the AfCFTA in the week leading up to the summit.
Nitrogen as a gas still has the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is denser but the molecules are still the same.
No airline alliance covers all three ocean crossings in the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam covers none of the crossings).
"No major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock."
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
No one was inside the apartment.
Northern Rock had required support due to its exposure during the subprime mortgage crisis in 2007.
Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks.
"Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain."
Nowadays air travel is only rarely booked directly through the airline without first searching and comparing prices.
"Occasional specialist air tours go inland, for mountaineering or to reach the Pole, which has a large base."
"Of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards."
"Often, you have to buy a global number separately that allows PSTN phones to call you. Where the number is from makes a difference for people calling you."
"On June 28, Marshal Italo Balbo, the Governor-General of Libya and apparent heir to Mussolini, was killed by friendly fire while landing in Tobruk."
"On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or ""spacewalk"", remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes."
"On Monday, scientists from the Stanford University School of Medicine announced the invention of a new diagnostic tool that can sort cells by type: a tiny printable chip that can be manufactured using standard inkjet printers for possibly about one U.S. cent each."
"On October 7 an engine separated on takeoff, without injuries. Russia briefly grounded Il-76s after that accident."
"On September 24, 1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the St James' Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland."
"On Wednesday, the United States' National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding COVID-19."
"On night sleeper trains, passports may be collected by the conductor so that you do not have your sleep interrupted."
"On the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the bellows with more pressure or speed."
"On the other hand, it is precisely because the volume of water is so high that your viewing of the actual Falls will be obscured—by all the water!"
"One of strong points of Charlotte, North Carolina, is that it has an abundance of high-quality options for families."
One of the most common problems when trying to convert a movie to DVD format is the overscan.
"One of the most prominent apps in this category is Google Translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data."
"One of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window,"" said survivor Franciszek Kowal."
"One of the world's richest people, Allen has reportedly invested much of his wealth in marine exploration and began his quest to find the Musashi out of a lifelong interest in the war."
"Only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly discount the cost of last-minute funeral travel."
"Only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains)."
"Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured PA sessions."
"Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover."
"Other scientists argue that these plants are very poisonous so it is unlikely that any dinosaur ate them, even though today the sloth and other animals like the parrot (a descendant of the dinosaurs) can eat poisonous leaves or fruit."
"Other skiing events will be at the Taizicheng ski area in Zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 miles) from Beijing."
"Our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point."
"Out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin."
Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom;
Over 60 cruise ships ply the Galapagos waters - ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers.
"Over multiple centuries, the Roman empire led to great gains in the field of medicine and formed much of the knowledge we know today."
"Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the rugged, steep landscape right up to the cliffs that overlook the sea."
"Part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development. Paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside."
Participating countries present artistic and educational displays in national pavilions to showcase world issues or their country's culture and history.
Passengers were given water as they waited in 90(F)-degree heat.
"People were hitting the panes with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable."
"People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems and work on scientific tests."
Perhaps the most common type of tourism is what most people associate with traveling: Recreation tourism.
"Permits are limited to protect the canyon, and become available on the 1st day of the month, four months prior to the start month."
Permits must be reserved in advance. You must have a permit to stay overnight at Sirena.
"Perry specifically said, ""There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."""
Personal VPN (virtual private network) providers are an excellent way of circumventing both political censorship and commercial IP-geofiltering.
"Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia."
"Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, has died after being involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway."
Phases happen because only the side of Venus (or of the Moon) facing the Sun is lighted. The phases of Venus supported the theory of Copernicus that the planets go around the Sun.
"Phnom Krom, 12 km southwest of Siem Reap. This hilltop temple was built at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman."
Photons are even smaller than the stuff that makes up atoms!
"Piquet Jr. crashed in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix just after an early pit stop for Fernando Alonso, bringing out the safety car."
Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Pittman suggested that conditions wouldn't improve until sometime next week.
Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued Provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
Possible long term health events from excessive drinking can include liver damage and even blindness and death. The potential danger is increased when consuming illegally produced alcohol.
Present-day parts of Belgium were part of Luxembourg in the past but became Belgian after the 1830s Belgian Revolution.
"Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance."
"Proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness."
Protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the National Congress in November.
"Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland."
Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. The electrons have a negative electric charge.
"Pureland origami is origami with the restriction that only one fold may be done at a time, more complex folds like reverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have straightforward locations."
RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia.
Real-time text translator apps – applications that are capable of automatically translating whole segments of text from one language into another.
"Red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of Karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism."
"Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that ""the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part."
"Registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. In some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities."
"Residents from other areas often cite family-friendliness as a primary reason for moving there, and visitors often find the city easy to enjoy with children around."
"Robert Hooke, a biologist from England, saw small squares in cork with a microscope."
"Roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases."
"Rules regarding regular photography also apply to video recording, possibly even more so."
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
"San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities."
"San Francisco is also one of the best places in the nation for other Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian, and Japanese."
"Sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served to be the source for many modern Indian languages, just like Latin is the source for European languages like French and Spanish."
Sanskrit is an ancient language and is comparable to the Latin language spoken in Europe.
"Schumacher who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times, was due to replace the injured Felipe Massa."
Scientists are working to create a reactor that can make energy in the same way.
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict that Danielle will strengthen to a hurricane by Wednesday.
"Scientists call this process ""stimulated emission of radiation"" because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation."
Scientists have discovered landforms littered across the moon's surface called lobate scarps that have apparently resulted from the moon's shrinking very slowly.
Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring.
"Seeing the sites and wildlife of the Galapagos is best done by boat, just as Charles Darwin did it in 1835."
Setting up a tent on private property or in a town of any size can easily attract unwanted attention.
"Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2,243."
"Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere."
She gained critical acclaim during her time in Atlanta and was recognized for innovative urban education.
"She said, ""There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently."
"Shortly after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report showing problems with test results."
Sikhism is a religion from the Indian sub-continent. It originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century from a sectarian split within the Hindu tradition.
"Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for ""way of the guru"". The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs."
Sikhs consider their faith to be a separate religion from Hinduism though they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions.
"Similarly, a British traveller in Spain may mistake a wave goodbye involving the palm facing the waver (rather than the person being waved at) as a gesture to come back."
"Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed ""Political Agents"" to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas."
"Since its inception, The Onion has become a veritable news parody empire, with a print edition, a website that drew 5,000,000 unique visitors in the month of October, personal ads, a 24 hour news network, podcasts, and a recently launched world atlas called Our Dumb World."
"Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club."
"Since then, China's economic size has grown by 90 times."
"Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals."
Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group had a bid for the bank rejected prior to the bank’s nationalisation.
"Sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory lodging and hot meals in addition to camping. La Leona, San Pedrillo, and Los Patos offer only camping with no food service."
"So if you were standing by the shoreline, you would be able to see down to whatever pebbles or gunk that was on the bottom."
So many of us find ourselves watching a television show that informs us of a process or experience in which we will never participate or apply that knowledge.
"Some German monks wanted to bring God closer to the native people, so they invented the Estonian literal language."
"Some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole."
Some countries have exceedingly draconian punishments even for first time offenses; these can include prison sentences of over 10 years or death.
"Some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season."
"Some hotels have a heritage from the golden age of steam railways and ocean liners; before the Second World War, in the 19th or early 20th centuries."
"Some medium-format film cameras use a 6 by 6 cm format, more precisely a 56 by 56 mm negative."
Some of the applications in this category can even translate texts in foreign languages on signs or other objects in the real world when the user points the smartphone towards those objects.
Some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
"Some of the rocks, which are very rare on Earth, are being sold from US$11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times more than the cost of gold."
Some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
"Some scientists think Triceratops ate cycads, which are a type of plant that was common in the Cretaceous."
"Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted."
"Sometimes the original trigging event is the sun warming the snow, sometimes some more snowfall, sometimes other natural events, often a human."
Sometimes the same flight can have vastly differing prices at various agregators and it pays to compare search results and to also look at the website of the airline itself before booking.
"Sophisticated animations can be constructed on computers, and this kind of animation is increasingly being used in television and films."
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
"Space for the most popular areas, such as the Bright Angel Campground adjacent to Phantom Ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations."
"Squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the Olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the Olympic Games in 2005."
"Stardust will set a new all-time record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May of 1969 during the return of the Apollo X command module."
Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position.
Stars give off light and heat because of the energy made when hydrogen atoms are merged (or fused) together to form heavier elements.
"Stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood in his role as chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the House Energy and Commerce Committee."
"Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth, and Harvick round out the top-ten positions for the Drivers' Championship with four races remaining in the season."
"Stone steps are laid along most of the path, and in the steeper sections steel cables provide a supporting handrail."
Student visas generally have different requirements and application procedures from normal tourist or business visas.
"Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting until the next face-to-face meeting."
"Submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time."
Submarines were used in World War I and World War II. Back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range.
"Such success stories lessened the fears of change, while creating positive inclinations toward change in the future."
Surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them.
Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds.
"Take a look at what trips the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a shop window."
"Taxis are not generally used by families in Charlotte, though they can be of some use in certain circumstances."
"Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo–Soyuz mission symbolizing that the Space Race was over."
"Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that OHA police are also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam."
"Thanks to undersea fiber optic cable links to Europe and broadband satellite, Greenland is well connected with 93% of the population having internet access."
"That means everything has to be put back,"" said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw."
"That means we are able to successfully predict what other humans perceive, intend, believe, know or desire."
"That said, expect to be out of breath, and take care in the steeper portions, especially when wet, as it can become dangerous quickly."
"The ""typical"" visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home."
The 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual fertiliser cargo and initially officials feared the vessel could spill a load.
"The 30-year-old husband, who was born in Buffalo, was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not hurt."
"The ACMA also found that despite the video being streamed on the Internet, Big Brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on Big Brother's website."
The American plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions.
The Angkor Pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to Tonle Sap.
The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
"The Broadcasting Services Act provides for the regulation of Internet content, however to be considered Internet content, it must physically reside on a server."
The Canal District (Dutch: Grachtengordel) is the famous 17th-century district surrounding the Binnenstad of Amsterdam.
"The Colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements."
"The Cook Islands are an island country in free association with New Zealand, located in Polynesia, in the middle of the South Pacific Ocean."
The Cook Islands do not have any cities but are composed of 15 different islands. The main ones are Rarotonga and Aitutaki.
"The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti"
The Drukgyal Dzong is a ruined fortress and Buddhist monastery in the upper part of the Paro District (in Phondey Village).
"The Global Running Tours successor, Go Running Tours networks dozens of sightrunning providers on four continents."
"The Greek historian Strabo later noted the name, which is how we know today. The temple was destroyed on the same night that Alexander the Great was born."
"The Health Minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect."
The Icelandic Meteorological Office also reported no earthquake activity in the Hekla area in the past 48 hours.
"The Il-76 has been a major component of both the Russian and Soviet military since the 1970s, and had already seen a serious accident in Russia last month."
The Indus Valley Civilization was a Bronze Age civilisation in the northwest Indian subcontinent encompassing most of modern-day Pakistan and some regions in northwest India and northeast Afghanistan.
"The International Olympic Committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in Berlin today. Rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the Olympics."
The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
"The JAS 39C Gripen crashed onto a runway at around 9:30 am local time (0230 UTC) and exploded, closing the airport to commercial flights."
The Luno had 120–160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater.
"The Mapuche were also one of the last independent American indigenous groups, that were not fully absorbed into Spanish-speaking rule until after Chile's independence."
"The Mumbai attackers arrived via boat on Novemeber 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and hit multiple targets including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel."
The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus.
"The National Congress of Brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul."
The Nervous System maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses through out the body to keep the flow of blood going as well as undisturbed.
"The New Zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast Mr Reid was going because of how low Black Beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock Mr Reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h."
The Northern Rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the UK Government.
"The PBS show has more than two-dozen Emmy awards, and its run is shorter only than Sesame Street and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood."
The Park Service (MINAE) does not issue park permits more than one month in advance of anticipated arrival.
"The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya."
The South Pole Traverse (or Highway) is a 1600 km trail from McMurdo Station on the Ross Sea to the Pole.
"The Sun doesn't have a crust like the Earth that you can stand on. The whole Sun is made out of gases, fire, and plasma."
The Thais invaded Cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772 they destroyed Phnom Phen.
"The Twin Otter had been trying to land at Kokoda yesterday as Airlines PNG Flight CG4684, but had aborted once already."
"The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up ""prominent landmarks"" in Ethiopia and Kenya."
The US Navy also said they were investigating the incident.
The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior.
"The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that ""extremists from Somalia"" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia."
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
"The White Sea–Baltic Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes."
The actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning.
"The advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain."
The aircraft had been headed to Irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops.
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish.
"The amount and thickness of the pack ice, according to Pittman, is the worst it has been for sealers in the past 15 years."
The ancient city in the Judean Hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years.
"The approach to obtaining information was different. No longer did pressure reside within individual recall, but the ability to recall text became more of a focus."
The artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis.
The atom can be considered to be one of the fundamental building blocks of all matter.
The attack put a huge strain on relations between India and Pakistan.
The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states.
"The band canceled the show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans."
"The band's management company, HK Management Inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on September 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day."
"The believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties."
"The blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. The two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted."
The building housed a number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city at the eve of hajj pilgrimage.
The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd.
"The capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute."
The capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky.
"The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider AOL, the company who instigated the charges."
The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil.
"The cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells."
"The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the hand's use for bearing weight in knuckle walking."
"The city is holy to the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and serves as a spiritual, religious, and cultural center."
"The city of Beijing in China will be the host city of the Olympic Winter Games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter Olympics."
"The city will be the first in southeastern Europe to host CowParade, the world's largest public art event, between June and August this year."
The civilisation flourished in the basins of the Indus River wherefore it derives its name.
The clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place.
"The colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday."
"The comments, live on television, were the first time that senior Iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect."
"The commissioner said, ""We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020""."
"The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked."
"The company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil."
"The concept was that all European nations had to seek to prevent one nation from becoming powerful, and thus national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance."
"The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as ""a trap"" dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself."
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors.
"The death toll is at least 15, a figure which is expected to rise."
"The different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally."
The disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the focal complexity and number of lens elements required to achieve a range of focal lengths is much greater than for prime lenses.
The documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
"The earliest known book in the world was written in Sanskrit. After the compilation of Upanishads, Sanskrit just faded due to hierarchy."
The easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website.
The effect is dependent on how often your brain attempts to lucidly dream per night.
"The fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer in it, but have been removed to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo."
"The failure of the second sentence, which proposes to ban same-sex civil unions, could possibly open the door for civil unions in the future."
"The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos have been imprisoned in the Athens' jail of Korydallus, as they were found guilty of graft and corruption."
The first economic reforms were made under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping.
"The focus of this mindset is speed, logic and accuracy, also identification of facts, reapplying existing techniques, gathering information."
"The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces."
"The game is played on grass, and the grass around the hole is mown shorter and called the green."
The game publisher Konami stated today in a Japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah.
The gas becomes thinner as you go farther from the center of the Sun.
"The glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. This will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges."
The gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the Tonle Sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile.
"The governor also stated, ""Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."""
The hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner.
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial.
The hostel's guests were mostly citizens of the United Arab Emirates.
"The human hand is shorter than the foot, with straighter phalanges."
"The invention of spoke wheels made Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots."
"The island was first inhabited by the Taínos and Caribes. The Caribes were an Arawakan-speaking people who had arrived around 10,000 BCE."
The issue started on January 1st when dozens of local residents started complaining to the Obanazawa Post Office that they hadn't received their traditional and regular New Year cards.
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
"The judge told Blake it was ""almost inevitable"" he was going to be sent to jail."
"The largest employment sectors are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism."
The light bulb then needs replacing. It is necessary to be careful in replacing the light bulb.
"The main assault force of 2,400 men would cross the river nine miles north of Trenton, and then split into two groups, one under Greene and one under Sullivan, in order to launch a pre-dawn attack."
The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between REM states.
"The major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood."
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
"The man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast."
"The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to ""prevent piracy""."
The militaristic nature of the Roman empire aided in the development of medical advances.
"The modern sport of fencing is played at many levels, from students learning at a university to professional and Olympic competition."
"The most common cause for accidents in winter is slippery roads, pavements (sidewalks) and especially steps."
"The most important factor of this mindset is: there is only one correct answer. You only think of two answers, namely right or wrong."
"The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a Greenlander, in Greenland."
"The next picture shows the atoms emitting photons. Of course, in reality photons are a lot smaller than those in the picture."
The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons.
The number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
The number of users of the Yahoo! and Microsoft services combined will rival the number of AOL's customers.
"The old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character."
"The original bill was drafted by former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson."
"The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means ""ball of light""."
"The pattern should be deep enough, 5 mm (1/5 inch) or more, and the material soft enough in cold temperatures."
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
"The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot."
"The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins."
The postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. There is no one good way to learn.
"The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as ""beneficial""."
"The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people."
"The president's condition is stable, though he will be isolated at home for several days."
"The problem is that snow is sticky, so it needs some triggering to come down, and some snow coming down can be the triggering event for the rest."
The proposed amendment already passed both houses in 2011.
"The protest started around 11:00 local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall opposite the police-guarded entrance to Downing Street, the Prime Minister's official residence."
The religion was founded in the 15th century by Guru Nanak (1469–1539). There followed in succession a further nine gurus.
"The report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings."
The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing.
"The setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool."
"The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the ""O"" to read lowercase ""e""."
The significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
"The sport is primarily played in a duel format, one fencer dueling another."
"The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission, until the end of the spacewalk."
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
"The storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph)."
"The storm, situated about 645 miles (1040 km) west of the Cape Verde islands, is likely to dissipate before threatening any land areas, forecasters say."
"The study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers."
"The temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on July 21, 356 BCE in an act of arson committed by Herostratus."
"The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) long and 800 km (500 mi) wide, with a roughly rectangular shape."
"The theory then established the idea that the Maori people migrated from Polynesia in a Great Fleet and took New Zealand from the Moriori, establishing an agricultural society."
The tourist season for the hill stations generally peaks during the Indian summer.
"The town lies immediately next to the falls, and they are the major attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and sightseers plenty of opportunities for a longer stay."
"The traditional medieval castle has long inspired the imagination, conjuring up images of jousts, banquets and Arthurian chivalry."
"The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and more seldom gibberish), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong."
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3.
The two sides would meet in the major semi final where Noosa ran out winners by 11 points.
The typhoon is estimated to be moving toward China at eleven kph.
"The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its Moon Impact Probe (MIP), which hurtled across the surface of the Moon at 1.5 kilometres per second (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the Moon's south pole."
The use of the Internet and the World Wide Web allows learners to have access to information at all times.
"The valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons)."
"The varieties of French which are spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible."
The very long days in the summer can lead to problems getting sufficient sleep and associated health issues.
The vote must still be ratified by the full IOC at it's October meeting in Copenhagen.
The walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed.
The water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water.
"The whole district is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its unique cultural and historical value, and its property values are among the highest of the country."
"The world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers."
Then Whirling Dervishes took to the stage.
"Then, a few years later in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus."
"There are a limited number permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis."
"There are a number of restaurants surrounding the garden, and in the afternoons and evening there free concerts are often given from the central gazebo."
"There are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of ""going to Disney World""."
"There are many different constructions of eyes, ranging in complexity depending on the requirements of the organism."
There are many different film formats that have been used over the years. Standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest.
There are many theories to how Sanskrit came into existence. One of them is about an Aryan migration from the west into India who brought their language with them.
There are many things you have to take into consideration before and when you travel somewhere.
"There are positive aspects to these websites, which include, being able to easily setup a class page which can include blogs, videos, photos, and other features."
There are varying estimates for how many people speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world.
"There is a surcharge for having more than 2 passengers, so this option might be more expensive than necessary."
"There is also no requirement that you obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can obtain a satellite Internet connection in the wilds of Chicken, Alaska and select a number which claims you're in sunny Arizona."
There is concern that patients may continue to infect more people by going through their daily routines if the flu symptoms remain mild.
There was also another tribe on the Chatham islands these were Maori who migrated away from New Zealand.
"There were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route."
"There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned."
"There's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze."
These agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services under Article 247 of the Pakistani Constitution.
These aren't very nimble so the trail has to take a long swerve around the Transantarctic Mountains to come onto the plateau.
"These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992."""
"These can be dangerous if the traveler pursue the mirage, wasting precious energy and remaining water."
"These children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they ""engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority"" in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods."
"These events normally last anywhere between three and six months, and are held on sites no smaller than 50 hectares."
"These hotels were where the rich and the famous of the day would stay, and often had fine dining and nightlife."
These monster storms have winds up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
These nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat.
"These plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves."
"These plateaus are often referred to as ""vidde"" meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse."
These requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries.
These requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit.
"These scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent."
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger.
"These websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting."
"They also said in a statement, ""The crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship""."
They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
"They are separate from lingua francas, which are natural or organic languages that become dominant for one reason or another as means of communication between speakers of other languages."
"They are superior to web proxies for several reasons: They re-route all Internet traffic, not only http."
They became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow.
"They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become ""tornadoes"" when they touch the ground."
"They called themselves the Moriori there were a few skirmishes and in the end, the Moriori were wiped out"
"They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a ""photon""."
"They generate high winds (often 100-200 miles/hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves."
"They include financial restrictions and a ban by the European Union on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income."
They looked like rooms. He was the first person to observe dead cells
They need to show the insurer's e-mail address and international phone numbers for advice/authorizations and making claims.
They normally offer higher bandwidth and better quality of service. They are encrypted and thus harder to spy on.
"They're regaling each other with stories from their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local argot."
"Things did not go well for the Italians in North Africa almost from the start. Within a week of Italy's declaration of war on June 10, 1940, the British 11th Hussars had seized Fort Capuzzo in Libya."
"This authentic community is located in Howe Sound just off Vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing Granville Island in downtown Vancouver."
This can be done in a normal car with careful planning but a 4x4 is highly advised and many locations are only accessible with a high wheel base 4x4.
"This causes the skater to turn. If the skates tilt to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates tilt to the left, the skater turns left."
"This contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution."
"This fleet was led by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian with ambitions to reclaim his country from Danish domination."
This flight is not the only option if you want to skip the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below)
"This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor."
This gives resolution almost four times that of a 35 mm negative (3136 mm2 versus 864).
This has allowed zoom lenses to produce pictures of a quality comparable to that achieved by lenses with fixed focal length.
"This includes waiting in line, as drug-sniffing dogs could be used at any time without notice."
This is because electricity flowing into the socket where the metallic part of bulb sits can give you a severe electric shock if you touch the inside of the socket or the metal base of the bulb while it is still partly in the socket.
This is becoming less of an issue as lens manufacturers achieve higher standards in lens production.
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth.
This is just as exhausting as if you were to wake up every twenty or thirty minutes and watch TV.
This is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen. That is called overscan.
"This is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things."
"This is the first time a conviction has been gained using the legislation enacted in 2003 to curb bulk e-mail, aka spam, from unsolicited distribution into users mailboxes."
This is when people go to a place that is very different from their regular day-to-day life to relax and have fun.
"This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and comply with certain requirements."
This makes inexpensive zoom lenses hard to use in low-light conditions without a flash.
"This marked an important change, as European powers would no longer have the pretext of being religious wars. Thus, the Thirty Years' War would be the last war to be labeled a religious war."
This might require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices.
"This page can easily be accessed by providing just one web address, which makes it easy to remember and easy to type in for students who may have trouble using the keyboard or with spelling."
This theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity.
This type of thinking is associated with certain science or standard procedures.
"This way, you will tire yourself out as little as possible. Remember there's no need to hit the keys with a lot of force for extra volume like on the piano."
This will ensure that your particular interests and/or constraints are matched with the ship most suitable to them.
"This, however, is a very hard problem to solve and will take many years before we see useful fusion reactors built."
Those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement.
"Though smaller, it reminds some elderly visitors of Hawaii before statehood without all the large tourist hotels and other development."
"Thus the scourges of Delhi Belly, the Pharaoh's Curse, Montezuma's Revenge, and their many friends."
"Thus, a backcountry permit for any start date in May becomes available on 1 Jan."
"Time has been studied by religious, philosophical, and scientific scholars for thousands of years."
Time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events.
"Time is something that is all around us, and affects everything we do, yet is difficult to understand."
"To Check the victim, you must first survey the scene to ensure your safety."
"To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show ""Troy""."
"To return to their previous energy level, they must get rid of the extra energy they got from the light."
Today's Player of the Day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
Today's announcement also extended the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund extra carriages.
"Tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 may be the most famous of the tombs in the Valley, the scene of Howard Carter's 1922 discovery of the almost intact royal burial of the young king."
"Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path."
"Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours."
"Tourist visits are costly, demand physical fitness, can only take place in summer Nov-Feb, and are largely limited to the Peninsula, Islands and Ross Sea."
Tourists may visit different landmarks of a particular country or they may simply opt to focus on just one area.
"Tours are cheaper for larger groups, so if you're by yourself or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six for a better per-person rate."
"Towering above the north end of Machu Picchu is this steep mountain, often the backdrop to many photos of the ruins."
"Traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school."
"Travel agencies have been around since the 19th century. A travel agent is usually a good option for a journey which extends beyond a traveller's previous experience of nature, culture, language or low-income countries."
Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage for many American families.
"Troops reinforcing the forward positions included the 1st and 3rd New Hampshire regiments of 200 men, under Colonels John Stark and James Reed (both later became generals)."
"Tropical Storm Danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean."
Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone.
"Turkey is encircled by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north and the Mediterranean Sea to the south."
"Turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of Metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined."
"Turkey's area, including lakes, occupies 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) are in south west Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) in Europe."
Turkish Airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 African countries as of 2014.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with the Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
Two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight.
"Two thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture."
"Typical for Norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau."
"Typical for the period, Kirby Muxloe Castle is more of a fortified house than a true castle."
Unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats.
"Unfortunately, when you make a DVD, it's borders will most likely be cut too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom, they won't be fully shown."
"Unless you are a diplomat, working overseas generally means that you will have to file income tax in the country you are based in."
"Unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations."
"Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees."
"Until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the IM market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the United States."
Unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti.
Using GPS navigation apps on your smartphone can be the easiest and most convenient way to navigate when out of your home country.
Vautier's achievements outside of directing include a hunger strike in 1973 against what he viewed as political censorship.
"Victoria Falls is a town in the western portion of Zimbabwe, across the border from Livingstone, Zambia, and near Botswana."
"Vikings used the Russian waterways to get to the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. Parts of these routes can still be used. Check possible need for special permits, which may be difficult to get."
"Virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of Northern Rock, not the asset management company."
Visa requirements and costs vary from nation to nation and are affected by the country you come from.
"Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes."
Visitors with limited time would be best to spend their time elsewhere.
Volunteering while travelling is a great way to make a difference but it's not just about giving.
Water is another example. The compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
We experience time as a series of events passing from the future through the present to the past.
"We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."""
"We know many Greek politicians, scientists, and artists. Possibly the most known person of this culture is Homer, the legendary blind poet, who composed two masterpieces of Greek literature: the poems Iliad and Odyssey."
"We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house."
"What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word ""cella"", meaning ""small room"", and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork."
When all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic.
"When asked what the father said, she answered ""He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking."""
"When low tide opened a gap along the Mystic River along the northeast of the peninsula, they quickly extended the fence with a short stone wall to the north ending at the water's edge on a small beach."
"When people don't see moose as potentially dangerous, they may approach too closely and put themselves at risk."
"When the capsule gets to Earth and enters the atmosphere, at about 5am (eastern time), it is expected to put on quite a light show for folks in Northern California, Oregon, Nevada, and Utah."
When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
"When the official arrived, the apartment exploded."
"When the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town."
"When you travel, expect things not to be like they are ""back home"". Manners, laws, food, traffic, lodging, standards, language and so on will to some extent differ from where you live."
"When you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special."
"While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified."
"While assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization."
"While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportaion Authority made the closure with the urging of the FBI."
"While immigration check is usually absent or a formality when you arrive in your homeland, customs control can be a hassle."
"While it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint."
"While listening to individuals share their individual, family, and organizational stories, we gained valuable insight into the past and some of the personalities who influenced for good or ill the culture of the organization."
"While most cards are good for calling anywhere, some specialise in providing favourable call rates to specific groups of countries."
"While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer Xavier Zayat."
"While they are usually privately owned, they sometimes accommodate visiting heads of state and other dignitaries."
"While this is a very common activity, it is prohibited by Disney: the tickets are non-transferable."
"While understanding one’s history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization."
"While you may hear the word used by Greenlandic Natives, its use should be avoided by foreigners."
"While you may not need a visa for short visits to certain countries as a tourist or for business, going there as an international student generally requires a longer stay than going there just as a casual tourist."
Whistler (1.5 hour drive from Vancouver) is expensive but well-known because of the 2010 Winter Olympics.
"Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. The environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile."
"Wildlife is among the most challenging motifs for a photographer, and needs a combination of good luck, patience, experience and good equipment."
"Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but like photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words."
"Wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens, though things like a flock of birds or a tiny creature need other lenses."
"With Armenian backing, a new republic was created. However, no established nation - not even Armenia - officially recognizes it."
"With fewer REMs per night, this state in which you experience actual sleep and your body recovers becomes infrequent enough to become a problem."
"With roots in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague based in Prague and others."
"With the battle for France over, Germany began to get ready to invade the island of Britain."
"With the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity."
"With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as ""Hawaii down under""."
"With this arrangement in place, this freedom might end."
"Within a few short years following the arrival of European explorers, the population of Tainos had significantly been reduced by the Spanish conquerors"
"Written words are often easier to understand than spoken words, also. This is especially true of addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce intelligibly."
"Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as ""King Tut"" or ""The Boy King"", is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times."
"Yesterday, the post office released their apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year postcards, which weren't delivered to their intended recipients."
You are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the Falls.
You can mark the passing of time yourself by observing the repetition of a cyclical event. A cyclical event is something that happens again and again regularly.
"You could find yourself being used as a drug carrier without your knowledge, which will land you in a great deal of trouble."
You need to notice the victim's position as you approach him or her and any automatic red flags.
You should choose your Frequent Flyer airline in an alliance carefully.
"Your hotel or hosts (if staying in a guesthouse or private home) will likely have wifi or an internet connected PC, and all settlements have an internet cafe or some location with public wifi."
Your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. A round/onward trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay.
Zayat was unhurt in the accident.
"his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that milestone."
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
"“It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah,” Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said."
"""He [Wales] basically lied to us from the start. First, by acting as if this was for legal reasons. Second, by pretending he was listening to us, right up to his art deletion."""
"""I was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart."""
"""She’s very cute and sings quite well, too,"" he said according to a transcript of the news conference."
"""They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night."
"""This is not going to be goodbye. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one."""
"""We now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic,"" he added."
"""We will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level,"" Hu said."
. Scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
"108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to Baba Shyam."
"34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last monarch."
"A binary number can have only one of two values, i.e. 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon."
"A car bomb detonated at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people."
"A civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society."
"A couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the interest of their child, to raise a baby."
"A course will normally be from 2-5 days and will involve role play, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training."
"A course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in far greater detail, usually with practical experience."
"A curry can be either ""dry"" or ""wet"" depending on the amount of liquid."
"A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables."
"A doctor who worked at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio say."
"A former Filipino policeman has kept Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines."
A full 20 percent of the water that pours out of the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday.
"A person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: ""There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying."""
"A satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call."
A search of the Internet for 'Hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company.
"A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc."
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorean Galápagos Islands.
"A walking safari (also called a ""bush walk"", ""hiking safari"", or going ""footing"") consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days."
"A well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human."
"ASUS Eee PC, earlier launched world-wide for cost-saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic in 2007 Taipei IT Month."
"Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology."
"According to Japan's nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine has been identified at the plant."
"According to Mick O'Flynn, the Acting Director Park Conservation and Heritage with the NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first shooting operation received comprehensive safety and training instruction."
"According to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals!"
"According to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges."
"According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated a tsunami was generated. There was some definite tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue."
"According to the lawsuit, waste from the UN camp was not properly sanitized, causing bacteria to enter the tributary of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest."
"Across the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), leaving it as the leading neurological disease in younger and middle aged adults."
Adekoya has since been in Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged with murdering her son.
Advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country.
Aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour.
"After a week of losses in the midterm election, Bush told an audience about the expansion of trade in Asia."
"After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team."
"After its adoption by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap."
"After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll."
"After seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during World War I, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future."
"After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards."
"After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that would spread sediment throughout the river were halted."
"After the results came in, Gingrich lauded Santorum, but had tough words for Romney, on whose behalf negative campaign advertisements were aired in Iowa against Gingrich."
"Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained both for civil and military operations."
"Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly."
All I say to people is you treat us the way we treat you.
"All animals that originally arrived in the islands came here either by swimming, flying or floating."
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
"All nouns, alongside the word Sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence."
"All of the cave entrances, which were named ""The Seven Sisters"", are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter."
"All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost."
All these things and more highlight Ontario as what is considered quintessentially Canadian by outsiders.
"All things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their ""protein problem"" in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today."
Alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements on the periodic table.
"Along the same line, men are required to wear trousers covering the knees."
Also after the Revolution occupations were open to all male applicants allowing the most ambitious and successful to succeed.
Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty.
"Also blogging ""forces students to become more savvy about the world around them."" The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004)."
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there was no Tsunami indication.
"Also to the north visit the great Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Shrine), a place of worldwide famous Marian apparitions."
"Also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot."
"Although AI has a strong connotation of science fiction, AI forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation in a machine."
"Although Winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back."
"Although pyramid-building in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in their size and the technical excellence of their construction."
"Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience."
"Although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials are hoping it will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream."
"Although three people were inside the house when the car impacted it, none of them were hurt."
"Although wagonways merely consisted of parallel planks of wood, they allowed horses pulling them to achieve greater speeds and pull larger loads than on the slightly more rough roads of the day."
"An example is visiting, photographing, and learning about organgatuangs in Borneo."
An increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn.
"An up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive."
Ancient China had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of China or each family that was in power was a distinctive dynasty.
Ancient Roman meals couldn't have included foods that came to Europe from America or from Asia in later centuries.
"Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them for easy access to milk, hair, meat, and skins."
"Angel (2006), explains the Continuum approach as a method being used to help organizations reach a higher level of performance."
"Another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have banquets together where they would lounge on their sides while they ate their meals."
Any amendments or requests though should be coursed through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel.
Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training.
"Anyone who's going to drive at high latitudes or over mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures."
"Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000."
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
"Appropriate use of blogs ""can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002)."
Argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
"Aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. They were earth, water, air, and fire."
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. New Zealand's Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G.
"Around 3 minutes into the launch, an on-board camera showed numerous pieces of insulation foam break away from the fuel tank."
"Around 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns."
"Around the old Medina it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists."
"As NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatically handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; normalizing US–China relations thought the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion in Afghanistan, 1979."
"As a result, the performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself is encouraging the audience to join in."
"As a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need."
"As a result, two fish species have become extinct, and two others have become endangered, including the humpback chub."
"As knowledge of Greek declined, the West found itself cut off from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots."
"As light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times."
"As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again."
"As one example, American citizens in the Middle East might face different situations from Europeans or Arabs."
"As soon as you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normally."
"As the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution therefore often not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars."
"As the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance."
"As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation and entry fees for the park."
"At Thursday's keynote presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console."
At one point a member of the mob waved the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles in front of the terrified Queen.
At the beginning dress was heavily influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east.
"At the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those surveyed believe Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believe Australia should never become a republic."
"At the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own."
"At the same time, the German navy, using mainly U-boats, was trying to stop this traffic."
Atoms are so incredibly tiny that trillions of them could fit into the period at the end of this sentence.
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting Super-G.
Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking.
"Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign."
"Backpacking by ski: This activity is also called backcountry ski, ski touring or ski hiking."
"Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About a half prefer to speak Catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows Spanish."
"Be careful not to allow fabric to become too hot (which can cause shrinkage, or in extreme cases, scorch)."
"Be firm in turning down men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it ok!)."
"Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but do have other features of feathers — barbs and barbules — the researchers inferred the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development that these other features."
Before The Simpsons Simon had worked on several shows in various positions.
"Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning."
"Between 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, a fire was started by the inmates in the yard."
"Beyond Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships."
Biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators which will continue a period of free-running cycling even in the absence of external cues.
"Bipedal specializations are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago."
"Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of ""anarchy"" by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and plundered stores of consumer goods."
"Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day."
"Blogs can also help improve student writing. While students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that."
"Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with a boat to every seven or eight people."
Booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination.
"Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few."
"Both Assassin-bugs and Bed-bugs are nidicolous, adapted to living in nest or housing of their host."
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
Box jellyfish occur near beaches and near river estuaries from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside these times.
"Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering entire sections of ocean, causing danger to even neutral ships."
British pounds will generally be accepted anywhere in the islands and within Stanley credit cards and United States dollars are also often accepted.
"Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor dead Pharaoh."
"Buses depart the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, though most, especially those heading to the east and Jakar/Bumthang leave between 06:30 and 07:30."
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge ""a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."""
"But Prime Minister John Howard has said the act was only to safeguard the facilities of the hospital from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, in giving an extra AUD$45 million."
"But being placed in the ""high tropics"" just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely)."
"But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at the time."
But the consumer market on laptop computer will be radically varied and changed after ASUS was awarded in the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award by Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
But there are a lot of things about birds that still look like a dinosaur.
"But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings."
"But, if used without further qualifiers, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island Java."
"By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration continues till today."
"By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian bridgehead."
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
"Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March most coronavirus-based cancellation policies don't extend to July 2020, when the Olympics had been scheduled."
"Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. In the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures."
Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
"Casinos typically make many efforts to maximize time and money spent by guests. Windows and clocks are usually absent, and exits can be hard to find."
"Chambers had sued God for ""widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants."""
"Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is ""frivolous"" and ""anybody can sue anybody."""
Check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison.
"Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century."
"Children are placed in Foster Care for a wide variety of reasons that range from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion."
"Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus."
"City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilizational culture implies the passing on of knowledge across several generations, a lingering cultural footprint and fair dissemination."
Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist.
"Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of granite big walls and crags."
"Combined with its relative inaccessibility, ""Timbuktu"" has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands."
Comets may possibly have been a source of water delivery to the earth along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life.
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions when he spoke to Wikinews last month.
Congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal 2005 and specified that the FBI must devote 10 agents to adult pornography.
"Congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and, because there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its acts."
Content theories are centered on finding what makes people tick or appeals to them.
"Courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly. Frequently, time is very important with business documents, merchandise or spare parts for an urgent repair."
"Crossties were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place. Gradually, however, it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a stip of iron on the top."
"Crown Office, which is in overall charge of prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment."
"Cuomo, 53, began his governorship earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage."
"Curiously, though, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the route, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds."
"Current senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires."
"Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25."
"Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, stated the outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeepers."
"Danius said, ""Right now we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. For now, that is certainly enough."""
"Del Potro had the early advantage in the second set, but this too required a tie break after reaching 6-6."
"Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, ""We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop""."
"Despite leaving the show in 1993 he kept the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every season in royalties."
"Despite there being no tsunami threat, residents started to panic and began to leave their businesses and homes."
Do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures.
"Domestic goats were generally kept in herds that wandered on hills or other grazing areas, often tended by goatherds who were frequently children or adolescents, similar to the more widely known shepherd. These methods of herding are still used today."
"Downhill skiing as a sport goes back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia."
"Downhill snowsports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports involving sliding down snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet."
"Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association cautioned that the research is still in its early days."
"Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb approximately 15 miles north of Cincinnati lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in an apparently heavily medicated state."
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region KwaZulu-Natal.
"Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan has, Japan is often referred to, on a geographical stance, as an ""archipelago"""
Due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the Galapagos.
"Due to the underwater topology the return flow is concentrated at a few deeper sections, and a fast current to deep water may form there."
"During blizzards, enough snow to get you stuck can fall in very little time."
"During his trip, Iwasaki ran into trouble on many occasions."
"During the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation."
"During the 1976 selections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger."
"During the 1980s he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show."
"During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government—with the Congress being its only component—under the Articles of Confederation."
"During the struggle for independence organised by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the killing of the paramount chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III."
During these periods fierce warfare took place between many nobles fighting for the throne.
"During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny."
"Dustin ""Goldust"" Runnels commented that ""Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."""
Duty free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods exempted from taxes and excises at certain locations.
"Duvall, who is married with two adult children, did not leave a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related."
Each temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner sanctuary that only the priests could enter.
"Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space."
Earlier the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked.
"Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more."
Economic links have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure in political negotiations.
Edgar Veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while Kristoffer Schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face.
Efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain.
"Elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals like silver and gold."
"Ellsworth Land is the region south of the Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea."
"Entertainment news website TMZ understands the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the California Highway Patrol police officer conducting the traffic stop to order him back across, twice."
"Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times."
"European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama found the Cape Route from Europe to India."
"Even traditionally, though, not all Sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals."
"Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species."
"Eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first full-iron rails were introduced."
"Ever since the Federal Government stepped in to take over funding of the Mersey hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised this act as a stunt in the prelude to the federal election to be called by November."
"Every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go their workplace and are passed by others whose work destination is the place they have just left."
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
Everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems. Almost everyone complains about transportation systems.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
"Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and face."
"Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem."
"Famous singers across the country presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to Shri Shyam's feet."
Farther south is Niagara Falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the Muskoka and beyond.
Fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
"Feel free to pencil in your own marks, but remember the printed bowing marks are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected."
Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
Feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
Field trips are a large part of any classroom. Quite often a teacher would love to take her students places to which a bus trip is not an option.
"Filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company."
"Final results from Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been reelected by a large margin."
"Finally, there are many small cats (including loose pet cats) that eat the far more numerous small prey like insects, rodents, lizards, and birds."
"Finland is a great boating destination. The ""Land of a thousand lakes"" has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos."
Fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm.
First among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
"First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole."
"Five minutes into the display a wind starts rolling in, about a minute later, the wind is reaching 70km/h... then the rain comes, but so hard and so large that it slaps your skin like a needle, then hail fell from the sky, people panicking and screaming and running over each other."
Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to drown out women from speaking out about women’s health were unsuccessful.
"For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk."
For a comparison of population that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the US than there are Canadian citizens.
"For example visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine valley or taking a cruise to interesting cites on the Danube or boating along the Erie Canal."
"For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the State Capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook."
"For example, one might say that the motor car necessarily leads to the development of roads."
"For example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the close of the analog film era."
"For example, “learning” and “socialization” are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995)."
"For instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever tasted a turkey."
"For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo."
For over a thousand years the Christian religion had bound European states together despite differences in language and customs. I
"For some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience."
"For some, understanding something about how aircraft work and what happens during a flight may help to overcome a fear which is based on the unknown or on not being in control."
"For the Springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak."
"Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively."
"Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically."
Foster care is supposed to provide all the necessities that were lacking in the home they were previously taken from.
"Four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the Giant Slalom failed to rank in the race."
Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on or near coastlines were closed all of Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
"France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer this virus; following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy."
French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
"Fruit pastries are common, with apples cooked into pastries year round, and cherries and plums making their appearances during the summer."
"Generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B."
"Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain “one of the guys” (or gals)."
"German pastries are quite good, and in Bavaria, are quite rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, Austria."
"Germany was a common enemy in World War 2, leading to cooperation between the USSR and USA. With the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out."
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start.
"Goats seem to have been first domesticated roughly 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran."
Gold may be worked into all sorts of shapes. It can be rolled into tiny shapes.
Goma is a tourist city of the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme east near Rwanda.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Actress respectively.
Gothic style peaked in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century.
"Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland."
"Had the Allies failed, Germany probably would have been able to conquer Britain as it had the rest of Europe."
Hamilton confirmed Howard University Hospital admitted the patient in stable condition.
"Handicraft products might be defined as antiques, though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods."
"He added that ""they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."""
"He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager in his previous job) to Thomas Edison."
"He built a WiFi door bell, he said."
"He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output."
He even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
He has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the Games.
He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
"He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries."
"He referred to the rumors as ""political chatter and silliness""."
He trained as an obstetrician and began to work at the Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
"He was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work including the Prime Ministerial portraits on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 bills."
He was greeted by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with the Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
He was initially hospitalised in the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
"He was reportedly aged in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said ""[w]hile I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim."""
"He was robbed by pirates, attacked in Tibet by a rabid dog, escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India."
He was subsequently relocated to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
"Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race."
"Her other race, the Giant Slalom, saw her finish in tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined run time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than first place finisher Austrian Claudia Loesch and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth place finisher Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary."
"Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium."
"High winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones."
"His 1,000th stamp was the magnificent ""Great Deeds by Swedish Kings"" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records."
His research showed that if a hormone was administered it would speed up the baby's foetal lung maturation.
"His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it right after his pit-stop, probably because a badly tucked right front wheel."
"His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few ""household names"" among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work alone."
"Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate."
Historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no effects from the earthquake and that the Number 1 and 2 reactors at its Shika nuclear power plant were shut down.
Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and is the place that many tourists regard as the main focus.
"However, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a handful of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of car ownership."
"However, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west could lag behind by 25 to 30 year."
"However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the first official language."
"However, people who know a little Spanish may hastily conclude that Portuguese is close enough that it need not be studied separately."
"However, that is not true. Although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map."
"However, the driver sustained serious injuries to the head."
"However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems to be low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any particular moment in South Africa."
"However, these plans were rendered obsolete nearly overnight, when over 800,000 soldiers from the Soviet's Union Red Army entered and created the Belarussian and Ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral."
"However, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle."
"However, this does not come cheap: as rough rules of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class!"
"Hu encouraged developing countries ""to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later."""
Huhne and Pryce are scheduled to appear at the Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16.
Huhne has resigned and he will be replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the Business Minister job Davey is vacating.
Hydrogen ions are protons that had their electrons stripped off them (since Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
"I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country duty-free."
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumping over and pushing them,"" Armand Versace said."
"If a rider is thrown from a horse but has a foot caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. To minimize this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken."
"If an iron isn't available, or if you don't fancy wearing ironed socks, then you can try using a hairdryer, if available."
"If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected."
"If the country you will be visiting becomes subject to a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected."
"If they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs."
"If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting ""specimens"" is also going to get you ejected, without discussion."
"If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may have a tricky situation."
"If you find yourself resetting the clock in your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off."
"If you have watched the movie National Treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the Declaration of Independence."
If you only go ashore using shipboard excursions you will not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
"If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon."
"If you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen."
If you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music.
"If you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate."
"In 1624,Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations."
"In 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces take control of Taiwan’s western and northern coastal areas and declared Taiwan as a province of the Qing Empire in 1885."
"In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job with the Edison Company in New York City."
"In 1895, after defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signs the Treaty of Shimonoseki, by which it cedes sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which rules the island until 1945."
"In 1956 Słania moved to Sweden, where three years later he began work for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver."
"In 1989 he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team."
"In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands."
"In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistria Republic in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any UN member country."
"In 2002 Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the town’s streets, particularly the town centre."
"In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope."
"In Japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court."
"In a carriage, they traveled back to Paris surrounded by a mob of people screaming and shouting threats against the King and Queen."
"In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program."
"In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp."
"In an adoption, the birth parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple may parent the child."
"In an interview, he said the new variant was ""very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate."""
"In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids."
In developed countries you seldom hear similar levels of complaints about water quality or bridges falling down.
"In fact, it is not easy to find at all even if one knew it existed. Once inside the cave, it is a total isolation."
In good conditions you will be able to cover somewhat greater distances than walking – but only very seldom you will get the speeds of cross country skiing without a heavy backpack in groomed tracks.
"In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used."
"In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio."
In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany.
"In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station."
"In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on shopping television channel QVC."
"In many cases, enrolling on a gap-year course abroad can actually improve your chances of moving into higher education back in your home country."
"In many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, particularly in Poland, similar setups were made, which were viewed by a great number of people."
"In one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts."
"In particular, it is claimed that one can detect whether a person is lying by interpreting micro-expressions correctly."
"In principle the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love."
"In remote locations, without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option."
"In some areas boiling water for a minute is enough, in others several minutes are needed."
"In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called ""The Giant Province of the Indies"", was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups."
"In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments to it."
In the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht.
"In the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs."
"In the context of Romanticism, the geography molded individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography arose, and these, being in harmony with the place of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws."
"In the manner that Paris is known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, Constantinople was regarded as the fashion capital of feudal Europe."
"In the north the region is bounded by the Sahel, and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean."
"In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important."
"In this dynamic transport shuttle everyone is somehow connected with, and supporting, a transport system based on private cars."
"Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests."
Infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves.
Inland waterways can be a good theme to base a holiday around.
Insects were the first animals to take to the air. Their ability to fly helped them evade enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
"Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made."
International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
"Ironing damp clothes can help them dry. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available for loan, even if one is not present in the room."
Israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed while the PA agrees to leave such presence only for five years.
"It also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form."
It also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur such as T. rex would be no match for it.
It also had no authority to override tax laws and tariffs between states.
"It can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called ""illuminated manuscripts""."
"It can be pulled into thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be hammered or rolled into sheets."
"It had been scheduled to be cut down on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling."
"It has a notably wide variety of plant communities, due to its range of microclimates, differing soils and varying levels of altitude."
"It has been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumours affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions."
"It has brought us the train, the car, and many other transportation devices."
It is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
It is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive.
"It is nearly impossible to exchange Falklands currency outside of the islands, so exchange money prior to leaving the islands."
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have.
"It is obvious enough that the world has changed much because of humankind's scientific and technological advancements, and problems have become greater because of overpopulation and mankind's extravagant lifestyle."
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and it is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
"It is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots."
It is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity.
"It is still produced today, but more importantly its aspect ratio has been inherited by digital camera image sensor formats."
It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
"It isn’t alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research."
"It may also be beneficial for one to buy a Wild Card, which provides entry to either selections of parks in South Africa or all of the South African National Parks."
It states that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example).
It takes a giant rocket over a 100 feet high to put a satellite or telescope in space.
It uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information.
"It warns No one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos."
It was at this time that the transfer of the title of Fashion Capital from Constantinople to Paris was made.
It was one of the major stops during Henry Louis Gates' PBS special Wonders of the African World.
"It was ruled by the ""Vichy"" French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them."
"It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago."
"It was to last for the next 40 years and would be fought for real, by proxy armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places."
"It's expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000."
It's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village.
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
"Italy's national football, along with German national football team is the second most successful team in the world and were the FIFA World Cup champions in 2006."
Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
"Its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path."
Its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 A.D. and lasted up until about 1100 A.D.
Its status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that Crusaders had returned bearing gifts such as silks and spices that were valued more than what Byzantine markets offered.
"Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had been aware of 27 accidents related to the devices."
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal that what Westerners may be used to.
"Japans holds nearly 7,000 islands (the biggest being Honshu), making Japan the 7th largest island in the world!"
"Just like the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way exert a force on the Sagittarius galaxy."
"Lakkha Singh presented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him."
Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness.
"Last month Iran saw its worst air disaster in years when an airliner heading to Armenia crashed, killing the 168 on board."
Last month a presidential commission recommended the prior CEP's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
"Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called ""non-serious."""
"Late on Sunday, the United States President Donald Trump, in a statement delivered via the press secretary, announced US troops would be leaving Syria."
"Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar."
"Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a ""thorough and complete rewriting"" of the Conservative party's environmental bill."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived Washington insiders.
Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and entered a career in medicine.
"Like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes."
"Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey."
"Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides."
"Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes shy and you will see them better with binoculars."
"Local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the plant to stay indoors, turn off air-conditioners and not to drink tap water."
"Looking decidedly rusty in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa however steadily improved as the tournament progressed."
"MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, the spinal cord and the optic nerve."
"Machu Picchu consist of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows."
"Madagascar is by far the biggest, and a continent on its own when it comes to wildlife."
"Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar zones in the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (specially pork), and uses olive oil throughout."
"Many German baked goods also feature almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often pair particularly well with a cup of strong coffee."
"Many common formats (APS family of formats, for example) are equal to or closely approximate this aspect ratio."
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks.
Many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted also by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
Many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and is alive today. We call them birds.
Many people don't think about them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
"Many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare."
Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday.
"Mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies."
"Members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot."
"Michael Schumacher ended his race not long after Alonso, because of the suspension damage in the numerous battles during the race."
"Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership."
Minor cultures often vanish without leaving relevant historic evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
Money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in Stanley across from the FIC West store.
"Montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common."
"More traditional churches often hold an Easter Vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate Christ's resurrection."
"Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death."
"Mosasaurus was the apex predator of its time, so it feared nothing, except other mosasaurs."
"Most deaths happen as result of fatigue trying to swim back against the current, which may be impossible."
"Most districts are served by small Japanese Coaster Buses, which are comfortable and sturdy."
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back along the body.
"Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has ""effects"" on societies that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned."
Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared.
"Most of the distinct Baltic Cruises feature an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Russia."
Most of the life of the Hebrew family happened in the open air.
"Most of the monasteries do provide wraps for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you'll get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance."
"Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and known as luxury beach resorts."
"Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the Senate as member of the Buenos Aires province delegation."
Muhammad was deeply interested in matters beyond this mundane life. He used to frequent a cave that became known as “Hira‘” on the Mountain of “Noor” (light) for contemplation.
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set.
"Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation."
"Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells."
"NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen ""after the time we are concerned about."""
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata prefecture was operating normally.
"Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the Bible in Latin."
"Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife."
"Needless to say, if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese."
"Negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear."
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition. Therefore it narrows the research area and makes it much more exact.
"New Kingdom ancient Egyptians marvelled at their predecessors monuments, which were then well over a thousand year old."
"Next, some saddles, particularly English saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to fall off the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider."
NextGen is a system the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions.
"No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do."
"No extra transport is being put on and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride facilities are unavailable at the ground."
No immediate reports of damage have been received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
"No major damage or injuries have been reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC."
"No matter how docile they may look, bison, elk, moose, bears, and nearly all large animals can attack."
"No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the quake did not meet the magnitude 6.5 requirement."
North Shore beaches (in North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
"Nothing can be seen other than the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave."
"Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices."
"Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is."
"Of course, the superprofits derived from the protracted exploitation of the Filipino people would constitute the basic gains of U.S. imperialism."
Officials for the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard as they argue that it was in imminent danger of falling over.
"Oliver Sacks, in his paper The President's Speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech because of brain damage are nevertheless able to assess sincerity accurately."
"On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called ""Operation Dragoon""."
"On Monday, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, publicly announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden the committee, unable to reach Bob Dylan directly about winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, had abandoned its efforts to reach him."
"On icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt."
"On some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem."
"On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round."
"On the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although British and United States currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method."
"Once the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains."
"One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death."
One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
One can only wonder what the keyboard will become when something newer comes along.
One of the main Christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the monetary funds of the church are there specifically for that reason.
"One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up."
One of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of WWII. The Americans were trying to move men and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
"One was sent to George Washington on July 6, who had it read to his troops in New York on July 9. A copy reached London on August 10."
"Only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer."
"Other biorhythm-based options involve drinking lots of fluid (particularly water or tea, a known diuretic) prior to sleep, forcing one to get up to urinate."
"Other subjects on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less-polluting ways."
Other topics covered reportedly include the future state of Jerusalem which is sacred to both nations and the Jordan Valley issue.
Others are alleged to have been brought up by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild on their own.
"Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbour."
"Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present."
"Our foster care system is supposed to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable health care."
"Out of 1,400 people polled prior to the 2010 federal election, those who oppose Australia becoming a republic grew by 8 per cent since 2008."
"Out on the savanna, it is hard for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino-acid requirements from available plant resources."
Over four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral.
"Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population."
"Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant."
Parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies.
"People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools."
People may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers returning home.
"People now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener."
People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
"Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals."
"Perry stated that he would ""return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race"", but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary."
Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
"Pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in a worse case cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or transmit infections."
Plans for vaccines to be delivered to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to lack of funds and low prioritisation relative to other diseases.
"Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even ""just one"" specimen."
"Plants make oxygen which humans breathe, and they take in carbon-dioxide which humans exhale (that is, breathe out)."
Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
"Please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population."
"Please treat the site with all of the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis."
Poland's men's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G.
Police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
Police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant of responsibility for the attack.
Police superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused appeared in court with covered faces.
"Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing."
Posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections — commonly 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and strict obedience to them is even more important than otherwise.
Potro received treatment to his shoulder at this point but managed to return to the game.
"Pre-modern observatories are usually obsolete today, and remain as museums, or sites of education."
Pre-operative transgender people should not expect to pass through the scanners with their privacy and dignity intact.
"Previously, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, remarked the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from his shop in his garage."
"Prides are made up of one to three related adult males, along with as many as thirty females and cubs."
"Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after Tuesday's 25 minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO."
"Prior to the arrival of troops, Haiti had not encountered problems related to the disease since the 1800s."
"Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes ""journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."""
Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
"Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species"
"Re-entry shock comes on sooner than culture shock (there's less of a honeymoon phase), lasts longer, and can be more severe."
"Regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms."
"Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese."
Reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood among the Sámi and the culture surrounding the trade is important also for many with other professions.
Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
"Remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night."
Research has found that females are two times more likely to have MS then males.
Research in AI involves making machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
"Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported the new species evolved in just two generations, though this process had been believed to take much longer, due to breeding between an endemic Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris."
"Resembling a television remote, the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space."
"Resting on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world."
"Ring also settled a lawsuit with competing security company, the ADT Corporation."
"Rip currents are the returning flow from waves breaking off the beach, often at a reef or similar."
"Robin Uthappa made the innings highest score, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes."
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
"Romanticism had a large element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel."
"Sadly, as newer methods of writing have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to lesser status and uses."
Safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
Saint Petersburg cruises include time in town. Cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms).
"Saltwater Crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from Rockhampton."
Same goes for the military because instead of army rankings being based on class they were now based on cailaber.
Scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather an aid that provides support to individuals whom are undergoing a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or beginning a new project.
"Scaffolds can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold but so is the little paperclip man in Microsoft Office."
Schneider testified via videolink from a USAF base in his homeland.
Science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has dislodged the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years.
Science’s main goal is to figure out the way the world works through the scientific method. This method in fact guides most scientific research.
"Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets collided with the Earth long ago."
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
"Scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground."
"Scotturb Bus 403 travels regularly to Sintra, stopping at Cabo da Roca."
"Searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive in the post-September 11, 2001 era."
Segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools with each generation.
Several Bishkek residents blamed protesters from the south for the lawlessness.
Several hostages have been rescued and least six have been confirmed dead so far.
Several large television screens were installed in various places in Rome to let the people watch the ceremony.
"Several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year."
Several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of February and it was announced on Tuesday.
"Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions."
"Severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life."
"Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200)."
Sharing a field trip virtually is also a great way to reflect a on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
"Sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away."
She came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
She directed officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away.
"She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published."
"Shooters in the supplementary pest control trial were to be closely supervised by rangers, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness evaluated."
"Similarly, by having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for visas to each of the Schengen member countries separately, hence saving time, money and paperwork."
Siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a Shark Tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup.
"Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area."
"Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters."
"Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa."
"Since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism."
"Since the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs."
"Since the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity."
"Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare."
"Singapore is generally an extremely safe place to be and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after arriving."
"Singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him."
"Six hostages, including the children and elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers."
"Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as ""ski bums,"" planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location."
Sleep interruption is the process of purposefully awakening during your normal sleep period and falling asleep a short time later (10–60 minutes).
Smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year.
"So, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label."
"Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing."
Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means that they tend to break apart with little or no nudging.
"Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above Berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise."
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
"Some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers."
"Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars)."
"Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known."
"Some roads have been damaged, railway service interrupted in the affected areas, and the Noto Airport in Ishikawa prefecture remains closed."
"Some venues offer alcoholic beverages on the house. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good gamblers know the importance of staying sober."
"Sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples."
"Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany."
"Soon, officers equipped with riot gear entered the yard and cornered the inmates with tear gas."
Sort of like rolling a heavy cart up a hill. Splitting the nucleus up again then releases some of that energy.
"South Africa have defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa."
"South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020."
"Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: ""Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola,"" he said."
"Still, take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings."
Stirrups are supports for the rider's feet that hang down on either side of the saddle.
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal standards and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
"Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members."
"Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield."
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family.
"Such children are called ""feral"" or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment."
"Such things have become separate disciplines, which focus on providing solutions to real life problems."
"Suits are standard business attire, and coworkers call each other by their family names or by job titles."
Summits include breath-taking views from peaks. Climbers from all parts of the world are continually establishing new routes amongst its endless potential of walls.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
"Swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball."
"Taiwan beginning start way back in 15th century where European sailors passing by record the island’s name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island."
"Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the upmarket suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland."
"Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from technology-push or the technological imperative to a strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic associated with scientific laws and their manifestation in technology."
"Technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. Students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class."
Television reports show white smoke coming from the plant.
That didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
"The ""up bow"" mark looks like a V and the ""down bow mark"" like a staple or a square missing its bottom side."
The 25 Dunlap broadsides still known to exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
"The 35mm format is actually, somewhat confusingly, 36mm in width by 24mm in height."
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
"The AI ​​system is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as has been built in several home computer and video game software applications."
The Amazon River is the second longest and the biggest river on Earth. It carries more than 8 times as much water as the second biggest river.
"The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, at times six miles wide."
"The Arabs also brought Islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the Comoros and Mayotte."
The Articles required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be amended and states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
The Babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god.
"The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing."
"The D-Day landings and the following battles had freed the north of France, but the south still wasn't free."
"The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce."
The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed working class people of other country's to began their own revolutions.
"The Giza Plateau, or ""Giza Necropolis"" in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great Sphinx."
The Great Pyramid at Giza is the only one of the seven wonders that is still standing today.
"The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture."
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to Haiti.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that DNA was a genetic material.
"The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which by convention ends around 1500."
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
"The Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border of Mozambique in the east, Zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the Crocodile River."
The Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru l-Badya and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading bases there.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this point Jerry poses no threat to land.
"The Ninth Ward, which saw flooding as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently in waist-high water as the nearby levee was overtopped."
The Northern Marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation.
"The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his fitness has been in doubt."
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
"The Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation."
"The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755."
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East.
"The Schengen zone, however, works somewhat like one country in this respect."
The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
The Sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
"The Sundarbans are the largest littoral mangrove belt in the world, stretching 80 km (50 mi) into the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland from the coast."
"The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which about one-third is covered in water/marsh areas."
The Sundarbans has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park.
The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest eras in Ancient China’s history thousands of people died fighting to sit in the highest seat in the grand palace at Xi’an.
"The Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from Indian Yoga."
The U.N. also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the impacts.
The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rainfall could breach the previously damaged levees.
The United States Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense office is tracking the debris.
"The accused are named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar."
"The age where the events took place is commonly referred as the High Middle Ages the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300)."
The amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit.
The announcement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the Peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
The area is also home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species.
The aspect ratio of this format (dividing by twelve to obtain the simplest whole-number ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2.
The best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals.
"The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading ""18"" and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense."
"The bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished."
"The broad boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centers are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more of Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey."
The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is.
"The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely used."
"The center of Tibetan meditation is the Deity Yoga. Through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created."
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
"The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, attached to a sophisticated sewage system."
The city is also the base to climb the Nyiragongo volcano along with some of the cheapest Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa.
"The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an Arabic flair than of an African."
The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that started in October.
The community irritation led to current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site which hosts millions of openly-licensed media.
The composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
"The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire."
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
"The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled ""Bush's New Orleans Deal."""
"The definition has geographic variations, where the age limit might be shorter in places such as North America than in Europe."
"The disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos."
The distinct characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the uses and gratifications approach.
"The document, according to the leak, will refer to the borders dispute, which Palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 Mideast War."
The early reports say the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
"The earthquake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte."
The eathquake struck Mariana at 07:19 a.m. local time (09:19 p.m. GMT Friday).
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter.
"The fatalities were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback had been the driver."
"The feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down."
"The females are usually closely related to each other, being a large family of sisters and daughters."
"The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play Australia."
"The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15 game winning streak."
The find also grants insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
The first cases of the disease this season were reported in late July.
"The first known transportation was walking, humans began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo Erectus (meaning upright man)."
The first public reading of the document was by John Nixon in the yard of Independence Hall on July 8.
The fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
The forests aren't just mangrove swamps though — they include some of the last remaining stands of the mighty jungles which once covered the Gangetic plain.
"The games kicked off at 10:00am with great weather and apart from mid morning drizzle which quickly cleared up, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby."
The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
The great majority of Hong Kong Island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore.
"The great pyramid was created to honor the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members."
"The harbor was the site of an infamous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain refused to leave the harbor."
"The hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others."
The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards. Fruit juices are pricey but excellent.
The idea of skiing is very old — cave paintings depicting skiers date back as far as 5000 BC!
"The job of navies has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and goods, while at the same time, interfering with your enemy's ability to move his people and goods."
The largest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
"The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you are fearful."
"The lower the tension, the more positive the life force present. Every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment."
"The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow."
"The main Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles). It collects water from thousands of smaller rivers."
"The main letters to watch out for are c and g, since their pronunciation varies based on the following vowel."
"The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called ""Manta""."
The major religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christian.
"The medical charity Mangola, Medecines Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organisation say it is the worst outbreak recorded in the country."
"The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report ""truly regrettable."""
The mob of people forced the King And Queen to have their carriage windows wide open.
"The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Merenids as a strategic port called Anfa."
"The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell."
"The money could go toward flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification."
"The most readily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins accessible in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked."
"The mountains of the Peninsula here merge into the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360 km chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier."
"The movie, featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all major categories."
The much-abused and often-ridiculed rule of thirds is a simple guideline creating dynamism while keeping a measure of order in an image.
"The northern part or Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinson Massif, peaking at 4892 m Mount Vinson."
The number of people present was so large that it was not possible for everybody to gain access to the funeral in St. Peter's Square.
"The obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you)."
The official Falklands currency is the Falkland pound (FKP) whose value is set equivalent to that of one British pound (GBP).
"The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. Airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in."
"The original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before."
"The other nominations include Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay."
"The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to undertake such measures as deployment of pig catchers in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito curtains and spraying pesticides."
The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the tested chemical.
The parade of buildings that make the Hong Kong skyline has been likened to a glittering bar chart that is made apparent by the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
"The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided in 14 different ecozones, each supporting different wildlife."
"The patient had been to Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus have occurred."
"The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he subsequently died."
The photographers later took the place of an aged lady as she needed the lavatory. Mendoza was gunned down.
"The presence of a true “invisible team” (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team."
The program started at 8:30 p.m. local time (15.00 UTC).
The pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for kids.
"The qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors."
The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
"The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down."
The result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
The rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes never seen before.
The road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
The rock band was due to tour the United States and Canada until September 16.
"The ruling party, South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections."
"The same month saw another airliner overrun a runway at Mashhad and strike a wall, killing seventeen."
"The satellite in space gets the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly."
The satellite was sent into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth’s atmosphere distorts some of our light and view.
"The satellites, both of which weighed in excess of 1,000 pounds, and traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above the Earth."
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up.
The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does.
"The secret to their success is the concept of the niche, a special job each cat holds that keeps it from competing with others."
"The service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs."
"The show originally featured amateur voice actors, local to East Texas."
"The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star with respect to magnetic reversals."
"The sometimes-violent protests were triggered by failure to hold elections, some due since 2011."
The speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than that of its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s.
"The station's web site describes the show as ""old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin!"""
"The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist ""whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan."""
"The strain of bird flu lethal to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday, in marshland near Lyon in the east of France."
"The strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries."
"The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain."
The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
"The tenth named storm of the Atlantic Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today."
The term bug is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
"The term safari in popular use refers to overland travel to view the stunning African wildlife, particularly on savanna."
"The terrified King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette their two young children (11 year old Marie Therese and four year old Louis-Charles) and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, on the 6th October 1789 were forced back to Paris from Versailles by a mob of market women."
"The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar."
"The tiger's roar is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of snarly, shouted words."
The top of the tower was special sanctuary for the god.
"The truck driver, who is aged 64, was not injured in the crash."
"The two compounds react with one another to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the university said."
"The two towers rise to a height of 83 meters, it's 378 meters long and it has two lanes of 3.50 m wide."
"The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds."
The vehicle itself was taken away from the scene of the accident at approximately 1200 GMT on the same day.
"The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it didn't open to traffic until March 2017."
"The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere."
The village of Haldarsvík offer views of the nearby island Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
The war expenditures of U.S. imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines were paid for by the Filipino people themselves.
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (X) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies.
"The winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says."
"The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society."
"The work done was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy."
The “invisible team” is the management team to which each of the members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.
"Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat."
"Their predecessors, the Australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually."
"Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground,"" said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona."
"Then, Lakkha Singh took the lead in singing the bhajans."
"There are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler."
"There are also a few buses going north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives."
"There are different ways of purifying water, some more effective against specific threats."
"There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better."
"There are many beaches, due to Auckland's straddling of two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas."
"There are no particular ""rainy"" and ""dry"" seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year."
"There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual."
"There are still many men and women alive who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death there, Jews and non-Jews alike."
There is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise up to the surface.
"There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bath houses where men and women were together in mixed company."
"There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive."
There's a tradition to pass the Easter night awake at some exposed point to see the sunrise.
"There, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered with blood-stained blankets."
"Therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about Persian grammar and understand phrases better."
These are sometimes-crowded family beaches with a good range of shops lining the shore. Swimming is safe.
These couples may choose to make an adoption plan for their baby.
"These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities."
These theories look at what it is about certain people that make them want the things that they do and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood.
They all ran back from where the accident had happened.
They also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
"They are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees."
They are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the Earth will be affected.
They can also hold the reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or procure other documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
"They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey."
They did two experiments marking either the DNA in the phage with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur.
"They found the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else."
They have cancelled the tour after lead singer Steven Tyler was injured after he fell off stage while performing on August 5.
"They have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two back legs like a T-Rex."
"They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event."
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management.
They provide greater stability for the rider but can have safety concerns due to the potential for a rider's feet to get stuck in them.
"They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers, to keep guests in a good mood, and keep them at the premise."
They were compelled to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial regime to defray a major part of the expenditures and the interest on bonds floated in the name of the Philippine government through the Wall Street banking houses.
Think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route.
"This became common practice, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons."
This behavior oftentimes results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team.
This can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you.
This gives them a wider range of small places to hide from predators.
This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
This is called a chemical's pH. You can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK but Scottish justice works differently and courts have viewed publication of photos as potentially prejudicial.
"This is especially popular with school leavers, allowing them to take a year out before university, without compromising their education."
"This is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases. However, if we do not only want a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should deactivate them."
"This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one to forty)."
"This is the place the British colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start."
This means you can visit the historic city for a couple of full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night.
"This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before."
"This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement."
"This offers a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock."
This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models which help us to understand processes in our mind.
"This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats."
"This seems sensible, because the Earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it?"
"This term derives from ancient familiarity with Bed-bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans."
"This theory says that most dark matter around a galaxy is located around a galaxy in a kind of halo, and is made of lots of small particles."
This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. One size fits all for men!
"This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable."
"This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, though he also theorised that they change into new substances to form what we see."
"This will allow it to be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has dual radios."
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air.
"Though each country was 'Scandinavian', there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland."
"Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word ""Gypsy"" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people."
"Though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed."
"Thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the Solar System moved around the Sun."
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours.
"Through the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as ""Dunlap broadsides""."
"Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration."
"Thus, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out."
"To better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) velocity."
"To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head for the Kowloon waterfront opposite."
To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra and which was made famous to foreigners after a glowing account of its splendours recorded by Lord Byron.
To understand the Templars one must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order.
"Today many Sámi work in modern trades. Tourism is an important income in Sápmi, the Sámi area."
"Today, Timbuktu is an impoverished town, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport."
"Today, the only insects that cannot fold back their wings are dragon flies and mayflies."
"Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two summer Olympics, having hosted the games in 1964."
"Tommy Dreamer said ""Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman."""
Tournament top seeds South Africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded Zambia.
Traffic Flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with one another.
"Travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent."
"Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages."
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as they may affect any travel plans.
"Travellers bound for countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco."
Travellers may encounter animal pests that they are not familiar with in their home regions.
Travellers who had an easy time adjusting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly hard time readjusting to their native culture.
"Travelling by plane can be a scary experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, particularly if they've not flown before or have experienced a traumatic event."
"Try aiming somewhere where you are not caught again or, depending on your skills and on whether you have been noticed, you might want to wait for rescue."
"Turkey would also take over guarding captured ISIS fighters which, the statement said, European nations have refused to repatriate."
Twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory.
"Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio."
Typically there will be a tuition fee to enroll in these educational programs.
"U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia."
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
"UN peacekeepers, whom arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are being blamed for the spread of the disease which started near the troop's encampment."
"USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment."
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
"Uka's weapon failed whilst pointed at a fifth man's head. Schneider has ongoing pain, blindness in one eye, a missing section of skull and a face rebuilt from titanium."
Under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
"Unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult because driver behavior cannot be predicted with one-hundred percent certainty."
"Up means you should start at the tip and push the bow, and down means you should start at the frog (which is where your hand is holding the bow) and pull the bow."
Using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans.
Usually you always here the sound of tourists and vendors. The story of the sound and light is just like a story book.
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communications.
Vatican City's population is around 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population.
"Virtual Scaffolds are internalized in the software and are meant to question, prompt, and explain procedures that may have been to challenging for the student to handle alone."
Virtual team members often function as the point of contact for their immediate physical group.
"Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences."
Virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers.
Visibility may also be restricted by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on vehicle windows.
Voyagers planning sex reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they're carrying valid documents for the return trip.
Wagonways were built in England as early as the 16th Century.
Water is spilling over the levee in a section 100 feet wide.
"We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification."
"We call this process speciation, which just means the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution."
"We can start living more friendly to the environment, we can join to the environmental movement, and we can even be activists in order to reduce the future suffering in some degree."
"We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. Its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal."
"We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most foods that we eat are plants. Without plants, animals could not survive."
We perceive the Foster Care System to be a safety zone for these children.
"When a small group of living things (a small population) gets separated from the main population that they came from (like if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that they can't easily move back) they will often find themselves in a different environment than they were in before."
"When all available resources are effectively used across the functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can transpire."
"When asked for comment, Miller said, ""Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."""
"When completely brought up by non-human animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely like those of the particular care-animal, such as its fear of or indifference to humans."
"When returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture."
"When the fighting ceased after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining inmates stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells."
"When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you are using a satellite."
"When you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt."
"While Goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of Goma should be researched to understand the state of the fighting that persists in the North Kivu province."
While he was working at the hospital Liggins began to investigate premature labor during his spare time.
"While most of their food would be familiar to us, Romans did have their share of strange or unusual feast items, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called a dormouse"
"While no one knows for certain who wrote it, it is known that early in its life, the large parchment document (it measures 29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage."
"While one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce Ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection."
"While project based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding goes a step beyond."
"While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is ""bien élevé"" (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier."
"While visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too."
"Why do transportation systems engender such complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? Are transportation engineers just incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on?"
Why would an organization want to go through the time consuming process of establishing a learning organization? One goal for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
"Widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on Bishkek's streets."
Willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as widely variable.
"Winter sports are most popular in the Northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events."
"With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation."
"With Kundalini Yoga the Kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations."
"With only eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make the medal podium."
"With two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began."
Women did the cooking in the yard; stores were just open counters looking into the street. Stone was used for building houses.
"Women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc."
"Women: It is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status."
"Workers must often get their superiors' approval for any decisions they make, and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without question."
"Workplace harmony is crucial, emphasizing group effort rather than praising individual accomplishments."
"Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words ""Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776"". The text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down."
Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two 'black box' flight recorders on Wednesday.
Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. we treat you.
"Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities."
You can also have alloys that include small amounts of non-metallic elements like carbon.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
You can use boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for the short ride.
"You may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens."
Your local telephone service provider should be able to give more information about connecting to this service.
"he cave itself, which survived the times, gives a very vivid image of Muhammad’s spiritual inclinations."
towards the end of the Middle Ages western Europe began to develop their own style. one of the biggest developments of the time as a result of the crusades people began to use buttons to fasten clothing.
"İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub."
“Personal involvement” and “continuing relationships” were also identified as new motivation aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites.
"""He [Wales] basically lied to us from the start. First, by acting as if this was for legal reasons. Second, by pretending he was listening to us, right up to his art deletion."" "
"""I was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart."" "
"""She’s very cute and sings quite well, too,"" he said according to a transcript of the news conference. "
"""They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night. "
"""This is not going to be goodbye. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one."" "
"""We now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic,"" he added. "
"""We will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level,"" Hu said. "
"A curry can be either ""dry"" or ""wet"" depending on the amount of liquid. "
"A person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: ""There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying."" "
A search of the Internet for 'Hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company. 
"A walking safari (also called a ""bush walk"", ""hiking safari"", or going ""footing"") consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days. "
"After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards. "
"All of the cave entrances, which were named ""The Seven Sisters"", are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter. "
"All things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their ""protein problem"" in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today. "
"Also blogging ""forces students to become more savvy about the world around them."" The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004). "
"Appropriate use of blogs ""can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002). "
"Around 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns. "
"Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of ""anarchy"" by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and plundered stores of consumer goods. "
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge ""a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."" "
"But being placed in the ""high tropics"" just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely). "
"Chambers had sued God for ""widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants."" "
"Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is ""frivolous"" and ""anybody can sue anybody."" "
"Combined with its relative inaccessibility, ""Timbuktu"" has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands. "
"Danius said, ""Right now we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. For now, that is certainly enough."" "
"Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, ""We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop"". "
"Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan has, Japan is often referred to, on a geographical stance, as an ""archipelago"" "
"Dustin ""Goldust"" Runnels commented that ""Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."" "
"Finland is a great boating destination. The ""Land of a thousand lakes"" has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos. "
"For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk. "
"For example, “learning” and “socialization” are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995). "
"Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain “one of the guys” (or gals). "
"He added that ""they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."" "
"He referred to the rumors as ""political chatter and silliness"". "
"He was reportedly aged in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said ""[w]hile I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim."" "
"Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race. "
"His 1,000th stamp was the magnificent ""Great Deeds by Swedish Kings"" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records. "
"His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few ""household names"" among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work alone. "
"Hu encouraged developing countries ""to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later."" "
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumping over and pushing them,"" Armand Versace said. "
"If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting ""specimens"" is also going to get you ejected, without discussion. "
"In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program. "
"In an interview, he said the new variant was ""very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate."" "
"In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio. "
"In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station. "
"In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on shopping television channel QVC. "
"In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called ""The Giant Province of the Indies"", was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups. "
"It can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called ""illuminated manuscripts"". "
"It was ruled by the ""Vichy"" French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them. "
"Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called ""non-serious."" "
"Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a ""thorough and complete rewriting"" of the Conservative party's environmental bill. "
"Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has ""effects"" on societies that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned. "
Muhammad was deeply interested in matters beyond this mundane life. He used to frequent a cave that became known as “Hira‘” on the Mountain of “Noor” (light) for contemplation. 
"NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen ""after the time we are concerned about."" "
"On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called ""Operation Dragoon"". "
"Perry stated that he would ""return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race"", but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary. "
"Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even ""just one"" specimen. "
"Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes ""journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."" "
"Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as ""ski bums,"" planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location. "
"Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: ""Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola,"" he said. "
"Such children are called ""feral"" or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment. "
"The ""up bow"" mark looks like a V and the ""down bow mark"" like a staple or a square missing its bottom side. "
"The Giza Plateau, or ""Giza Necropolis"" in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great Sphinx. "
"The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading ""18"" and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense. "
"The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled ""Bush's New Orleans Deal."" "
"The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called ""Manta"". "
"The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report ""truly regrettable."" "
"The presence of a true “invisible team” (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team. "
"The station's web site describes the show as ""old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin!"" "
"The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist ""whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan."" "
The “invisible team” is the management team to which each of the members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member. 
"Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground,"" said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona. "
"There are no particular ""rainy"" and ""dry"" seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year. "
"Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word ""Gypsy"" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people. "
"Through the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as ""Dunlap broadsides"". "
"Tommy Dreamer said ""Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman."" "
"Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio. "
"When asked for comment, Miller said, ""Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."" "
"While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is ""bien élevé"" (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier. "
"Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words ""Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776"". The text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down. "
“Personal involvement” and “continuing relationships” were also identified as new motivation aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites. 
"""Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting. "
"""Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence. "
"""If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy"" Mr Costello said. "
"""It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible"", said a government spokesperson. "
"""It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is. "
"""Luckily nothing happened to me, but I saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out. "
"""Panama Papers"" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016. "
"""Some may not agree but I don't care. "
"""Thanks for those who supported a convict like me,"" Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference. "
"""The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority."" "
"""We were all simply in shock,"" the mother stated. "
"2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, ""Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion."" "
"A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show ""Zoungla"" in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption. "
"A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.' "
"According to Ansa, ""police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession. "
"After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam. "
"After the match, King of Clay said, ""I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this."" "
"Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride."" "
"As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth,"" added Stofan. "
"As mentioned above, though the word ""Eskimo"" remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada. "
"Attention Deficit Disorder ""is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy"". "
"Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident ""green card"". "
British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this. 
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (“Kriegsmarine”) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel. 
"But, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. The stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are ""neighbors"". "
"Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as ""the building blocks of life"". "
"Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no ""rough areas."" "
"Despite these accusations, Ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the Chinese mainland. "
"During his 2 hour speech he stated that ""Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today"". "
"Fire captain Scott Kouns said, ""It was a hot day in the Santa Clara with temperatures in the 90s. "
German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines. 
"Germany code-named the attack “Operation Sealion”. Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak. "
"Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the ""cloud""). "
"He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the ""settled law of the land"", emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings. "
"He originally named the Hangeul alphabet Hunmin Jeongeum, which means ""the correct sounds for the instruction of the people"". "
"He received the ""Hero of the Soviet Union"", the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work. "
"He went on to say, ""This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."" "
"However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means ""come over,"" similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose. "
"However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and ""legal"" walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags. "
"However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."" "
Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance. 
Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis. 
"I expect to return to all my duties on Monday,"" Arias said in a statement. "
"In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first “whole-body” MRI scanner, which he called the ”Indomitable”. "
"In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner. "
"In Rogaland and Agder they are usually called ""hei"" meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather. "
"In many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating ""hello."" "
"In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to ""camp"". "
"It is not a learning disability, it is a learning disorder; it ""affects 3 to 5 percent of all children, perhaps as many as 2 million American children"". "
"It was based on the German alphabet and one character ""Õ/õ"" was added. "
"Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means ""western claw."" "
"John Grant, from WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's home station) said ""Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read,... the love of reading — [the show] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read."" "
"Leonov, also known as ""cosmonaut No. 11"", was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts. "
"Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the ""little brother"" of Germany and Japan. "
"On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or ""spacewalk"", remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes. "
"One of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window,"" said survivor Franciszek Kowal. "
"Perry specifically said, ""There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."" "
"Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that ""the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part. "
"Scientists call this process ""stimulated emission of radiation"" because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation. "
"She said, ""There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently. "
"Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for ""way of the guru"". The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs. "
"Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed ""Political Agents"" to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas. "
"That means everything has to be put back,"" said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw. "
"The ""typical"" visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home. "
"The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up ""prominent landmarks"" in Ethiopia and Kenya. "
"The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that ""extremists from Somalia"" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia. "
"The commissioner said, ""We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020"". "
"The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as ""a trap"" dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself. "
"The governor also stated, ""Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."" "
"The judge told Blake it was ""almost inevitable"" he was going to be sent to jail. "
"The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to ""prevent piracy"". "
"The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means ""ball of light"". "
"The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as ""beneficial"". "
"The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the ""O"" to read lowercase ""e"". "
"There are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of ""going to Disney World"". "
"These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992."" "
"These children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they ""engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority"" in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods. "
"These plateaus are often referred to as ""vidde"" meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse. "
"They also said in a statement, ""The crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship"". "
"They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become ""tornadoes"" when they touch the ground. "
"They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a ""photon"". "
"To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show ""Troy"". "
"Virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of Northern Rock, not the asset management company. "
"We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."" "
"What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word ""cella"", meaning ""small room"", and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork. "
"When asked what the father said, she answered ""He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking."" "
"When you travel, expect things not to be like they are ""back home"". Manners, laws, food, traffic, lodging, standards, language and so on will to some extent differ from where you live. "
"With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as ""Hawaii down under"". "
"Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as ""King Tut"" or ""The Boy King"", is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times. "
"“It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah,” Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said. "
"""He [Wales] basically lied to us from the start. First, by acting as if this was for legal reasons. Second, by pretending he was listening to us, right up to his art deletion."" "
"""I was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart."" "
"""She’s very cute and sings quite well, too,"" he said according to a transcript of the news conference. "
"""They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night. "
"""This is not going to be goodbye. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one."" "
"""We now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic,"" he added. "
"""We will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level,"" Hu said. "
"A curry can be either ""dry"" or ""wet"" depending on the amount of liquid. "
"A person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: ""There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying."" "
A search of the Internet for 'Hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company. 
"A walking safari (also called a ""bush walk"", ""hiking safari"", or going ""footing"") consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days. "
"After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards. "
"All of the cave entrances, which were named ""The Seven Sisters"", are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter. "
"All things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their ""protein problem"" in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today. "
"Also blogging ""forces students to become more savvy about the world around them."" The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004). "
"Appropriate use of blogs ""can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002). "
"Around 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns. "
"Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of ""anarchy"" by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and plundered stores of consumer goods. "
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge ""a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."" "
"But being placed in the ""high tropics"" just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely). "
"Chambers had sued God for ""widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants."" "
"Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is ""frivolous"" and ""anybody can sue anybody."" "
"Combined with its relative inaccessibility, ""Timbuktu"" has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands. "
"Danius said, ""Right now we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. For now, that is certainly enough."" "
"Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, ""We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop"". "
"Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan has, Japan is often referred to, on a geographical stance, as an ""archipelago"" "
"Dustin ""Goldust"" Runnels commented that ""Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."" "
"Finland is a great boating destination. The ""Land of a thousand lakes"" has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos. "
"For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk. "
"For example, “learning” and “socialization” are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995). "
"Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain “one of the guys” (or gals). "
"He added that ""they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."" "
"He referred to the rumors as ""political chatter and silliness"". "
"He was reportedly aged in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said ""[w]hile I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim."" "
"Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race. "
"His 1,000th stamp was the magnificent ""Great Deeds by Swedish Kings"" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records. "
"His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few ""household names"" among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work alone. "
"Hu encouraged developing countries ""to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later."" "
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumping over and pushing them,"" Armand Versace said. "
"If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting ""specimens"" is also going to get you ejected, without discussion. "
"In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program. "
"In an interview, he said the new variant was ""very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate."" "
"In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio. "
"In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station. "
"In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on shopping television channel QVC. "
"In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called ""The Giant Province of the Indies"", was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups. "
"It can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called ""illuminated manuscripts"". "
"It was ruled by the ""Vichy"" French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them. "
"Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called ""non-serious."" "
"Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a ""thorough and complete rewriting"" of the Conservative party's environmental bill. "
"Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has ""effects"" on societies that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned. "
Muhammad was deeply interested in matters beyond this mundane life. He used to frequent a cave that became known as “Hira‘” on the Mountain of “Noor” (light) for contemplation. 
"NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen ""after the time we are concerned about."" "
"On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called ""Operation Dragoon"". "
"Perry stated that he would ""return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race"", but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary. "
"Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even ""just one"" specimen. "
"Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes ""journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."" "
"Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as ""ski bums,"" planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location. "
"Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: ""Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola,"" he said. "
"Such children are called ""feral"" or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment. "
"The ""up bow"" mark looks like a V and the ""down bow mark"" like a staple or a square missing its bottom side. "
"The Giza Plateau, or ""Giza Necropolis"" in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great Sphinx. "
"The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading ""18"" and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense. "
"The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled ""Bush's New Orleans Deal."" "
"The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called ""Manta"". "
"The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report ""truly regrettable."" "
"The presence of a true “invisible team” (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team. "
"The station's web site describes the show as ""old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin!"" "
"The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist ""whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan."" "
The “invisible team” is the management team to which each of the members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member. 
"Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground,"" said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona. "
"There are no particular ""rainy"" and ""dry"" seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year. "
"Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word ""Gypsy"" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people. "
"Through the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as ""Dunlap broadsides"". "
"Tommy Dreamer said ""Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman."" "
"Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio. "
"When asked for comment, Miller said, ""Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."" "
"While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is ""bien élevé"" (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier. "
"Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words ""Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776"". The text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down. "
“Personal involvement” and “continuing relationships” were also identified as new motivation aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites. 
"They're hiding something, I'm sure!"
It's obvious they're trying to keep their cool.
the hotels don't seem very comfortable.
he is probably about to be laid off by head office!
of course he's depressive!
I think I'm going to leave!
hand me that bag.
I'm going to be sick!
I always knew she wanted us dead
I'd like to know how much time I have left to study
"We will have an exam, if that is what you mean"
"Next week, on Thursday"
We will cover all the material up to next Tuesday
so start studying soon!
"Okay, if I have any questions, could I email them to you?"
But I will only answer them during working hours
so please don't send them late on Wednesday evening
"Thank you, ma'am"
what is that meant to be?
how is your book going to help me calm down
I'm talking about Marrakech
we're both scared of flying
isn't it!
and since when have sleeping helped anyone?!
I knew it!
oh god!
it's all your fault
And in case of accidents we're supposed to do what?
why did you bring a tree onto the plane?!
are you crazy!
I suggest you listen more and talk less
I have to go now
and how long have you been in charge?
"I said celery, can't you listen"
"Can I add some pear, too?"
"Okay, I'm with you"
It's been ten years
What do you want with it?
please could you just close the window
just get on and don't talk so much
Don't you think?
she is getting married next week.
They got married very young
He is married to a lawyer in Tangier.
Do not say
Now he spends a lot of time home
if that is what you mean
they would traditionally be boiled and served with vinegar
how big is it?
is it big?
we are not preparing an italian meal
this will be a proper moroccan meal
"Beets are good, but it might give you a sweet taste."
long ones of course
"Do you want french fries with them, too?"
how about going to the cinema?
Unless you have anything else you would like to add
enjoy!
do not hesitate to come back to me
"Now, I think I've got everything we need to solve this problem"
I was going to suggest that too
let me tell you something
sometimes we laugh sometimes we cry
"I'll tell you one thing, I like it!"
"Yeah, I'm gonna do that, too."
just before going to bed
please respect the rules
I'm sure it'll be better soon.
As you suggested
basically you are under stress now
which happens to many people theses days
Meanwhile you don't have a problem with your brain
as you say
"Yes, thank you very much for your advice."
I do think that could be a solution
or at least a step in the right direction
I'm sorry
we don't know much about them
Are there any other managers on her level
do you know people you can talk to easily?
I'd say yes
"Ah yes, that is a lot of people"
We're about 50.
we were about twenty people
maybe one of them
I see!
but I don't have anything to celebrate
I'm just an employee among others
I agree with you
if one of the team-members has something to say
you could suggest it at lunchtime
this is an excellent way to improve work relationships
"But she doesn't drink coffee, and she doesn't smoke, so she stays in her office."
It's a shame
"if we have a good reason to talk to her, she's always ready to talk."
"Literally, his door is locked."
what do you think?
one or two of you could discuss this situation with her
she does not have enough confidence in the team
"All right, I'll try to discuss it discreetly"
Do you think I should take a vacation?
May I suggest you speak to you colleagues
What do I do?
This is very common and nothing to worry about.
the pressure has indeed affected your general emotional state
"ok, I get it."
"Yeah, probably."
Yes but the translation was wrong
Do you feel she herself is under pressure from her director?
I admire him very much.
Maybe she is constantly worried about not meeting her targets.
Do you have colleagues who feel stressed like you?
Is your boss a lady or a man?
I think we're all stressed and at the same time all admire her.
"A lady, I think."
"I told you, it's a woman."
Very beautiful
But his reviews are always justified.
when I'm running a little late or I don't do whatever she wants
I hit my targets.
"I work a lot, which allows me to do my job properly."
"Tell me, are you able to do your work with confidence?"
do you feel unable to reach the expected targets?
I'm talking about the manager of my department
"Yes, it is."
She doesn't tolerate mediocrity.
"Yes, sir."
Are there any women around you that you find difficult to deal with?
in your work or elsewhere
"Yes, I understand."
"No, nothing special, I think."
Have you had any unusual or unpleasant experiences recently?
things that you feel may have been caused by something you did
Of course not.
You think I'm going crazy?
"No, no one I recognize."
"Your sister, your mother, a friend?"
Can you recognize anybody you know?
Is it always the same voice?
"Often, it's to criticize me."
A female voice who sometimes comment on what I'm doing.
"For a few months, sometimes I feel like I hear a voice talking in my head."
I'm here to see you because I don't understand what's happening to me
How may I assist you?
I believe this is the first time we have met.
Good-bye
Feel free to come back if you still have questions.
You're welcome.
I'll send it over to you as soon as it's finished.
Good luck.
Perfect.
I promise.
But you must respect that new deadline
"Would it be possible for you to give me an extension to the deadline, say another two weeks?"
2000 words
How many words is a short paragraph?
"This is really helping me think through what I need to write, thank you."
What happened back then?
Do I present the essay as factual or do I take a political view point?
That could be interesting.
I've just checked that date on Google
"Ah, ok."
So the first thing you do is choose.
This one may be historic
we're hearing a lot about it right now
But there are so many options to choose from.
you have to start by asking about it
explain and define the field
it's up to you to define it.
Are we talking about British or French politics?
I've been asked to write an essay on politics but I don't know where to start
Can you explain what you don't understand?
I've been told that I can't drive
We're going back to work together
"Well, that's okay"
I've really struggled to understand what it is I have to do
"Hi, I'm sorry my homework is late"
Carry on I have to go now.
It's early!
"Oh, I think the first guests are coming"
"Yes, sir."
"Don't worry, but make sure you know what's what tomorrow"
"Yes, sorry."
You will have to get to know the kitchen better or you will slow us all down
I believe this is the first time we've used this thing
I don't know the location of all the ingredients yet
"Oh, sorry"
I can't find it!
"Yes, sir, no problem."
you thought it was over
I can peel the potatoes.
It makes me hungry!
Excellent.
I'll go to Tangier
What about the other one?
That should be good.
Please remember to clear away after you have finished
That's fine
"I'll start with the fennel, it takes longer"
may God have mercy on your parents
may God protect your loved ones
God help you
"Yeah, no problem."
Could you start chopping the vegetables please
I'm fine.
"They're different sizes, colors and flavor"
I came with these tomatoes that I found at the market this morning
How are you tonight?
"Good morning, sir."
let's jump and celebrate our victory
If we survive maybe we can get back home early
"Okay, you convinced me"
Grab the bottle in your other hand
Forget about the children it is too late for them
The only thing I'm asking you to do is keep the bottle of red
"Go, take two young children with you, jump, I stay here"
It's terrifying
I feel very good
What?
Can you feel that?
"Besides, I'm sure there are people who deserve more than me not to die"
Let me check the parachute to see if it is capable to hold two people
"And frankly, do you think they'll open the plane doors and let us jump?"
Now isn't the time for such questions
We're gonna land in Pakistan
"But, wait!"
Can it carry two people?
Are you sure?
But why are you walking around with a parachute on you?
Hug me close and we can land safely together
We did have a chance if we crashed into the ocean
oh what is this
"You know, from where we fall, it doesn't make much difference"
"There is no ocean below us, only Pakistan"
We'll talk about our crash in the newspapers
right?
"But you know we don't have a chance, right?"
If we survive I'm going to make a complaint to the airline
If we are going to die
But drinking is probably a good idea
"I'm like most people, I don't believe in God except five minutes from the end"
Shall we pray together
Do you believe in god?
"At least it'll probably be instant, no pain, right?"
I'm gonna turn my phone back on
I will tell them I love them
Or are you just saying that to make fun of me?
You really think so?
"Oh, my God, that's horrible"
I don't want to scare you but I think we may be about to plummet to our death
"I'm sorry to bother you with this, but I'm really scared"
"I don't know anything about airplanes, but I'm terrified every time I fly"
"Yes, it is weird, it sounds like the engine is failing"
I can also hear a lady screaming
"It's weird, isn't it?"
"Excuse me, do you hear that noise?"
I'm quite glad it's mine coming and not yours
We're safe!
He's coming to get us now.
"Oh, that's cool"
It's ringing....
"But by the way, I don't know how to provoke her magical powers"
I suggest we eat the cheese with the fork
We could just phone for a taxi?
I know you're talking about cheese
I have no idea what you're talking about
It's not even straight.
They even managed to bend my fork
What does that mean?
"Unfortunately, mine is just a normal fork."
Could it be that it has magic powers?
It means it was well manufactured.
Patience...
"Oh, maybe I have the extra fork!"
Let me have a look
You mean that smell's coming from your present?
"No, I haven't opened it yet"
They're taunting us!
Wait... what did they give me?
Why were we so naive?
Oh no!
With the map we would have quickly found the quickest way to the best restaurant in the area.
Have you opened yours yet?
How about the presents they gave us?
Hmm.
And I thought they looked cute...
It was the only way to get them to give us back our food
It's stupid to loose when we have a good card!
What credit cards do you want us to work on?
All right.
Is she expecting to see you?
I haven't seen the physics teacher
What do you think?
Do you know if the professor of physics is here today?
What do you want to do today if we're alone?
I do have an old examination paper
"Yes, my comrades are blocked"
I suppose that everyone else is having problems with transport
I did my homework without problem yesterday
Has class started?
You deserve it.
I am hoping that you get a really good result
You were right to take the car
"Anyway, how did you do with your homework last night?"
I came in by car today to avoid the buses.
"Besides, you were late yesterday, too."
I missed my bus today
You're late again. What is your excuse today?
"Yes, goodbye"
"Thank you, ma'am, can I sign the presence sheet first?"
Just go away and think about your priorities and what you want to achieve
get to bed early
"Oh, I'm sorry, I was wrong with you."
"You know, I really liked today's lecture"
"Anyway, the equations are useless."
Are you parents encouraging?
"I have principles, I told you"
How do you think we can resolve this?
You are not a toddler!!
I missed a lot of your classes cause it was nap time
Do you go to bed late?
That's true.
fair enough.
Even though I'm getting up late
"Oh, but I'm learning a lot"
I am not lucky
do you think it is for my benefit?
it's fun
I have the same principles as the whole class
Really?
Well I think your principles are flawed
that's correct.
that's not correct.
But you're lucky I was able to do my homework last Thursday
I'll do it next week
But I don't work much on weekends
You should put Facebook and any other diverting social media sites away
What's going to happen on the exam?
The instructions weren't clear.
You seem to have had difficulty with the equations
"Not easy, but I think I did it"
So how did you find your maths homework?
"Well, it's done now."
Then sit down quickly and we will look at your homework
Spit out your chewing gum! you know the school rules
I couldn't find any on the way
"Yes, of course."
"Hello, ma'am."
Could you please put that gum in the bin
Hurry up
"Just in the right hand drawer, I'll get the glasses"
All this work for nothing.
That's too bad.
I had a simple objective
There is no point being grumpy at home
"Being late was unavoidable, so just play the music"
And I had to explain the rest of the day.
They thought I'd make myself rich
I think we should just make some tea and you should forget about work
just forget about it
The meeting was canceled
Was it really so bad?
so?
The results of the year
And I was the one who presented
What could you do?
And there was this important meeting
I was late for work because of the strikes.
It's all right.
do you want to tell me about it
Would it not be better if we think about something positive and fun?
I had a really bad day.
Excuse me?
Can you just leave work at work?
I will see you later and you can tell me what you've found
I'll contact the team immediately.
No problem.
I hope we can get out quickly!
And then I took the elevator to eat
It is very hot...
I've got some water if you want.
It's getting hot in here and we probably have another 15 minutes to wait
Are you feeling OK?
I think they know it's stuck and will start winching it down to the floor below soon
I think i can hear someone calling from above us
Let's hope that works.
I'm trying to text the co-worker at the desk.
"But, I'm not sure that's enough"
You're a singer aren't you?
fair enough
How about we say that tomorrow we go on an excursion
then we can eat somewhere in town
Does that sound good?
"Yes, with pleasure!"
I'd love to.
awesome.
And you're right.
today you can show me how to do nothing but sit by the pool the whole day
It works!
"Let's stay here by the pool, then."
But we can also swim a little
Half an hour in the sun
last one there has to pay
This program suits me
And I hope I won't be the last.
"with only 100dhs left in you bank account, I hope so for you too"
This is the third time the lift has broken in the last two weeks.
I thought I asked you to speak to your mom?
I did.
I immediately contacted them when you told me about it.
They've not been good lately.
I know that there is someone new in here
Anyway what do you suggest we do?
"As soon as we get out of the elevator, I'm gonna get in touch with them"
"The idea is to see what was done, and to understand why the elevator broke down again"
"If he's the one they sent to repair it, it might be something simple"
That's great.
Last time I tried my phone but there is no signal and the alarm button didn't work.
Let's try the alarm button.
Maybe it's fixed.
"OK, I've pressed it and there is no sound. Shall we try shouting?"
You've got a good strong voice.
It's so interesting.
"Well, in a way, yes."
But that's not what I meant
Stop babbling.
You're starting to annoy me now.
Did you see if your phone picked up the network?
It's getting hot in here.
I don't carry a phone.
I have an assistant to do that.
"Well, we're gonna have to wait for someone to repair it"
It's good here to enjoy the sun!
It's good to get some rest.
"yeah, but how about we go and enjoy the sun elsewhere?"
"Okay, but I'd like to rest for a few more minutes."
Where would you like to go next?
The ones that cut through the jungle.
I hear you can even get to see some beautiful birds if you're lucky
Great!
And you think we can run into other animals?
I hope so.
there are lions and tigers in the area
How was the tour yesterday?
I haven't seen any of them.
I can't wait to find out what's behind this wall
I wouldn't dare accuse you of anything
It looks like some kind of telephone on the wall.
"Okay, I'll see if that's right"
Maybe you could look at your cell phone.
We may not have the same operator.
"Well, indeed, this big red button looks good"
Do you agree that I should press it?
You ask a lot of questions.
I'll take that as a yes.
It's ringing
That's good.
I'm impressed.
"Ah, it stopped."
What stopped?
Are you sure?
"The ringing stopped, and I don't think anyone's gonna answer us."
Are you blaming me for this?
Open that.
"Yes, I'm going to change doctors."
We appear to have stopped moving.
I don't pay you to just stand there.
DO something.
You're absolutely right
I feel like there's no signal here.
I'm not gonna be able to make a phone call.
Thank you for your advice.
"When I look at a green pepper, it becomes a red pepper"
Can you please explain what you mean by 'normal'?
That's confusing.
It's only from time to time.
Sometimes.
But these colors can last several hours
And it's very embarrassing because I'm in charge of the traffic lights
Do you think this is from my childhood?
Thank you for making it clear
How old were you when you started seeing red and green together?
Is there a history of this problem in your family?
I've been seeing this for five years
I don't know any similar problems in my family
"Except maybe my great grandfather, but he drank a lot"
"Thank you, Mr Bojm3a"
Is there anything else you wish to ask me?
I see!
"Is it serious, Doctor?"
"when I see green, I see red too"
"Now, tell me, why have you come to see me this afternoon?"
she ate three frogs and two snails
Did you enjoy them?
"No, for lunch."
on your side?
"Very well, thank you"
"Good morning Mr Hamid, how are you feeling this morning?"
It's scary.
"As soon as we get out of the way, we'll go into wild beasts territory"
"Besides, with the sun setting, it's the perfect time to run into a wolf or a bear!"
We really need to get back
By the river it'll be safer
You're teasing me
Aren't you?
I'd rather not think about it
"Careful, there's roots everywhere"
"I know, I haven't got the best shoes on for this kind of terrain"
"Ah, I feel like you can see the river below"
"Listen, can you hear that noise?"
Here!
"He's good, isn't he?"
"Yeah, we can try to go down that way"
"It should allow us to join the river, and the river runs towards the village"
On the other hand
That chocolate is really nice
"it's late, the sun's starting to turn down"
We have to hurry!
I'm hopeless when it comes to directions.
I'm not sure what we can do without the map
"If you're going to a party, I wouldn't advise you to cook"
You go out with friends a lot lately?
"No, I haven't felt sociable or confident around people"
"Maybe if I go a nice quiet vacation abroad, good weather and a nice book to read, I'll come back feeling refreshed."
Do you play sports?
"Yes, I think i mentioned to you that I played a lot of soccer"
"Yes, I see."
I think putting shoes in the oven indicates strong emotions that can't express itself otherwise
"It's been a long time since we've had to hit the road, I feel like we're lost"
You got the map?
"No, I thought you had it"
"Wait, I'll look in my bag"
OK.
I'm hungry too.
Do you have anything left to eat?
"Well, I can't find the map"
you want some?
Yes please.
Perhaps I just need a good holiday?
Goodbye Mr Abderrahim
"I'm sorry doctor, I had to see you at such short notice"
I think I'm losing my mind!
What's going on?
"Well, I called my mother and my wife this morning, and then put my shoes outside"
What made you want to put your shoes in the oven?
Were those sports shoes?
They were sports shoes when they went into the oven but came out as lumps of coal.
I don't know why I did it.
My feeling is these pills that you have given me are too strong
How long has it been since you started taking them?
I agree.
it's been about a month now
"I've been quite depressed, and they affect my memory badly and make me very sleepy"
"Well, we can expect side effects on sleep or memory indeed, but cooking her shoes is something else"
Because you really wanted to burn your shoes.
What did you and your mother talk about?
"Well, it's difficult to talk to my Mum as she's 96 and virtually deaf"
It gets confusing.
"She calls me by my brother's name, and I have to shout and keep repeating myself"
See you!
What sport would you like to practice?
I would like to play football
Is it a sport you've practiced in the past?
I have played a little in the past.
Can you recommend a good diet doctor please?
"Yes, of course."
"Right across the street there's Dr. Nabil's office, he's an excellent diet doctor"
"And besides, he's a very good friend of mine"
Am I talking with Mr Khalid?
"No, not at all."
But we often make a joke...
"But you can do it to him, he's used to it"
He has a good sense of humor!
That is so funny
You have cheered me up no end.
this consultation has been worth every penny
I'm glad.
"But, actually, we're gonna have to stop there."
Maybe you should see a diet doctor to help you organize your food
That's why the score is high...
20 points
True...
And that may be very difficult to realize
"Well, let's give it a go then!"
You go first!
"Hello, ma'am"
Sit here
Thank you.
I am hopeful that you can help me
How can I help you?
I have been feeling very sad lately
Has anything special happened to you lately?
"A disappointment, a failure?"
"Or nothing special, just the routine that doesn't satisfy you?"
"No, not really."
I just don't enjoy all the things I used to like doing
What would you like to do?
I would like to play sport but I don't seem to have any energy
Are you eating enough?
Probably not.
I tend to snack on things like crisps and biscuits which I know are not very good for me
"Food can have a very important effect on how you feel, you know."
What should I do?
They'd need to be very close together
So it's win win!
Indeed!
"Oh, have you seen!"
They're really cute!
I love watching them bobbing about in the water!
Or is that too cruel?
"Oh no, they're too cute"
We can start thinking about changing the rules
"If we can eat one piece of bread in the water, then we get 20 points"
I don't really understand your new rule.
What do you mean by this?
I misspoke
And they like being fed anyway
"We do this, I'll contact my other friends"
I'll see you a bit later and we can sort out the food when I get there
"Sir, can I ask you a question, please?"
"Yes, please do."
I don't understand why I only got 12/20 in control
I think it deserves a lot more points than that
Why do you think you deserve more?
Because I wrote 14 pages
I put the best part in my copy.
Not all of your answers were entirely relevant
Your answers need to relate to the question at hand
"I understand that, but still, 12/20 for 14 pages, I don't think it's enough."
"Otherwise, next time I'll draw two pages, like Omar, who got 15."
That's not fair.
"He always gets better grades than I do, even if he writes anything."
"Well, he is in my team!"
He plays basket ball with you?
"You know him personally, so you favor him"
I think I'll talk to the principal about it.
The principal is also a member!
There must be other teachers who don't play golf
I can't imagine Mrs. Chourouq playing soccer
But she must be 20 years older than you.
Really we're about the same age.
Really?
I wouldn't have thought.
I thought he'd be younger...
"Sorry, no."
If only you had done 15 pages
It's not fair!
Your reputation isn't going to improve.
it's life
All right.
"Goodbye, sir."
Bye
"Here, take some breadcrumbs."
Are you offering me this?
Do I understand?
Of course!
Don't you know it?
"No, it's the first time in my life I've played this game!"
"After that, I've been living in Zagora for years now."
I'm counting on it.
Or maybe your favorite color?
Black and white?
That's a good idea!
So shall we do some invitations just in black and white?
"And I can get some decorations, balloons and things"
But it's perfect!
Could you come over to help me set it up!
"The party will be tonight, but, if you're available, it might be nice to prepare together because you have a lot of good ideas!"
Who has been invited?
Did you ask that good looking professor?
"Right now, you're the first person I've been in contact with"
I didn't dare ask him
Oh you had better get on and get some handsome men invited then!
Have you got some music that will be suitable?
"Go on, he can only say he is busy"
It can't hurt
Okay.
I'll ask him.
"At worst, he'll tell me he's not available"
"Sorry I thought we were organizing it, are you happy for it to be another night?"
I presume you mean food
Work places also need to provide showers and changing rooms
I remember working next to this man who was very proud of cycling 15 km into work
Unfortunately he stank of body odor all day!!
"Yeah, you're right."
I am not sure what you mean but I think there could be the police at the entrance!!
Do you cycle?
"Yeah, I used to do a lot of things, but after the accident I just saw, I'm not sure I'm gonna make it back so soon!"
I don't blame you.
You really must be shaken up
Do you want another cup of tea?
"Yes, please."
"I'm really happy tonight, I'm throwing a party at my house!"
"I know it's a little late for the organization, but... it's my birthday!"
There is lots to organize though
I'm glad you could make it.
"Yes, everything is done!"
"No, not yet, but it's a good idea!"
"Yeah, that's too bad"
especially in a city
"The car ran over his leg, he bled a lot"
"Yes, it's true that bike rides are very vulnerable in the city!"
Let us hope he will be ok
Lorries can be lethal weapons
Do you know?
On your left!
I hope you know how to do that on your own
Serving now chef
They have special dietary requirements
No milk chef
Have we got a milk-free sauce?
You should have told me earlier
"No, we don't have free sauce!"
But we can make a sauce without salt.
Do you have any idea how to make sauce without salt that is good?
Sorry Chef!
Yes chef!
I would not be a good chef if salt was necessary!
That's my girl.
Have you thought about taking bread for the ducks?
Damn.
"No, I ate it on the way here."
Have you got anything on her?
I just got a pack of cigarettes.
probably not
I'm a bit worried.
Didn't you say you had pets at home?
A cat and two parakeets.
And what do you feed them?
Of course not!
"I'm not stupid, they're my animals, I feed them properly!"
But they're just ducks.
"Well, I see you don't want to try the experiment."
"It doesn't matter, we walk in the park?"
Ok.
Let's leave the ducks alone.
We could go see what that squirrel's doing over there
As long as you don't try to feed it
Don't worry!
"It's nice, this park, when it looks good like that"
"We should walk around more often, it feels good"
"Yeah, it's good to do something other than watching TV"
Get some fresh air
It's true that we spend too much time watching TV
"We know, but we keep going"
It's a bit stupid
What do you mean we keep going?
"Well, we keep watching TV, even if we know we're spending too much time there"
How long before these first dishes have to be out chef?
"5 minutes, sir."
You don't need to call me sir.
You're the boss!
"Well, hurry up."
I'm not cooking pasta I thought it was the rice dish!
I have to take these pills to calm me down when I'm working with you
we never served rice.
For five generations
Unless there's a war
Have you seen table two?
The couple of British tourists?
"Well, I've only worked an a cafe before so I didn't know."
Why is there rice in the cupboard if we never serve it?
Are we expecting a war?
"Great idea, I'll change it."
Yes I've seen them. They will be a nightmare.
you can't speak French and expect us to speak English.
And they don't like eating snails.
Where are you on dessert?
Is it coming?
"Hold on, I've only just put the water on for the pasta."
The desserts are in the refrigerator.
"I will get them out as soon as I can, but I only have two hands."
That's why it burns!
"I said rice for fun, I meant desserts!"
Best joke ever
For 5 generations?
"Not just pizza, too."
"Come on, let me finish my shift."
Ciao!
"Hey, let's go and play tenis?"
I'd like to hang out in the sun just a little longer
Really!
How about we have one game and you can come back and sunbath after?
"Well, I don't have too much energy right now"
"Besides, you're still the winner, 'cause you're cheating with the points!"
That's not true.
When have I cheated?
"This morning, the day before yesterday!"
"It's okay, it's just that I don't want to do anything"
What about the time when we were playing cards
I know you looked at my cards when I was away.
Oh!
You're just jealous because I'm better than you.
Jealous!
You can't be serious.
"Okay, I'm going to the coffee shop"
Would you like it?
"Oh, yeah, that's what I'm talking about"
"You're still nice, I like you even though you're a cheater!"
Excuse me?
What cocktail would you like?
"Oh, I'll have a tajine, please!"
And can you tell the waiter that?
I'll see if he can give us some tea too
"Okay, great!"
I'll take my nap then
I hope it doesn't!
We'll see about that!
"Come on, I'm sleeping, and thank you!"
Thank you too!
Let's go!
Happy birthday!
I don't even know what it is.
It's a weird theme.
"But it's your birthday, we'll do whatever you want"
No problem for dessert.
What were you thinking of?
Now for music?
We'll have plenty of juice
We can have the main part of the party outside as the weather is so warm
but if it's not a problem
"For the music, I've prepared a playlist that I think you're going to love"
it's very nice to have thought of it.
"As for the outside will be fine, I have an umbrella in case it starts to rain."
Have you thought about a list of guests?
"Mine too, by the way."
Did you mean umbrella?
"Yeah, you know, those big tents."
"Oh fine, thanks for your help."
See you later
"Hello Mme Jmiaa, how are you?"
"I'm really well, thank you."
I'm enjoying living here.
I told you you'd get used to it!
It was only a matter of time.
What's up?
How do you deal with your days?
"I know I was reluctant to leave my house as I had so many happy times there, but at the end of the day it was just bricks and mortar."
Home is where you are.
"Yes, you couldn't be alone in that house any more."
You needed company.
"I agree, I was lonely."
"What about you, are you happy?"
So what are you talking about?
"Yes, I'm happy."
We talk a lot of politics in here.
Do other residents share your opinions?
Ha ha no!
They think I am a bit extreme.
Can you believe that?
What a lot of nonsense.
You!
Extreme!
It's the backwards world.
It must be so difficult to talk calmly.
I know I couldn't.
Oh I just laugh quietly afterwards at them all.
Silly people.
"Otherwise, you saw, the sun is back!"
How would you like to go out in the park in the next few days?
"That would be lovely, thank you."
Do you remember the times when we used to walk in the park when we were young?
I empathize with him
I empathize with her
I didn't understand
what's your name
let's take a walk
what's up
how are you
where are you
where are you going
my dear
hello welcome
how are things going
how are things going
everything is ready
I like her
I like him
I will call you
I will pay
I will go with you
I am moroccan
I am cold
I am good
I'm not sure
does not work
follow me
have you arrived?
where were you
give me a call
let's go
where do you work
is everything ok?
is it raining?
is it cold?
is it far?
is it hot?
should I wait?
what is this?
where are you from?
where is he?
which one?
how is the weather
I am ready
I have seen it
it is too late
I don't know
I am bored
I am tired
I need to go
I have never
you are right
I am grateful to you
medieval
I am hungry
I am thirsty
it costed 20 dhs
it costed me 30 dhs
good idea
my colleagues
point of view
that's okay
you know
he's late
spend time
in a way
I wish you good days
leave him alone
leave her alone
Hi!
I just got back.
How was your day?
My day was awful.
The train was late and I got soaking wet.
Then my boss called me in to his office to tell me that I wouldn't be getting a pay rise this year as the business wasn't doing very well
It was hard!
The customers have been bothering me all the time.
"Besides, a child came and insulted me!"
Oh God!
Maybe we could go out to eat
although I should be thinking about saving money if I'm not going to get a pay rise
"Yeah, we can go out for lunch."
"But if the money's a problem, then why are we having a home-cooked dinner."
Hmmmm!
Do you mean dish?
It's very good.
And we can enjoy it
I do like duck
A nice bottle of water sounds good.
What do you suggest?
It's perfect!
"But since the day was intense for both of us, what do you think of preparing for a good dessert too?"
It tastes better now.
It's so good!
"On my side, I'm gonna cook a great tagine!"
We can associate it with ice cream
"Well, let's not forget to do a bit of sports in the week to eliminate all this."
Great.
We have a deal ... bon appetite!
"Bon appétit, of course!"
"Fouad, how many more minutes before the desserts for table four will be ready?"
"Uh... actually, I have a problem, boss..."
I didn't know how to tell you... but I think I burned it
"I did what you asked for, boss, but I didn't pay attention to the time and I let it burn..."
I think it's time to start over
Yes start again.
That's the second mistake you've made today and you were late for work.
Is there something bothering you?
"Yes, it's not too good right now..."
"my dog is sick, plus I have roaches in my apartment!"
"But it's all right, I'll do the dessert, and I promise I'll be on time and I'll be careful!"
"You can count on me, boss!"
Ok.
And perhaps you can take some of the waste food for your dog.
"You're very kind, boss."
"But, you know, sugar isn't very good for dogs."
He might get even sicker!
"Oh, can I get a piece of meat instead?"
It's perfect for black eyes.
Try a piece of our best steak.
but it must be true!
You want me to love my mother?
Or is it a technique for her to come and buy us some meat?
More customers would be great.
...steak over your eye.
"Uh, all right, if you want!"
Sorry sent message by mistake - complete garbage!
I think I'm the one who needs to quit!
Bye!
"Good luck, boss!"
It's starting to look like we're not moving.
Should we call?
Call who?
I think we'd get a quicker response from our people in reception.
Or we could just press the alarm button.
"Yeah, I was thinking about the alarm button."
I don't have the number of anyone who can help us.
"Besides, there's no water."
"Come on, I'll press."
Good.
"Actually, there is a number on the bottom"
"Damn, I've haven't got any reception."
What about your phone?
No better than yours.
All we have to do now is wait.
"I had a meeting with Soukaina at 2:00, and I hate being late!"
And you?
"You were in the sixth grade, too?"
"I think I was supposed to be attending, too, except it doesn't appear on my schedule."
"I hate being late, too, but I guess there's nothing we can do about it."
"Yeah, this meeting here, it's gonna be hard to set up"
"Well, never mind, it's not like we could be a part of this."
"delays, what's that all about?"
I thought we were going to be talking about holidays.
Usually I work over Aid because I live in Marrakech close to the office
Do you live in Casablanca or do your family live in another part of the country?
"Hi, I'd like something strong, please."
I have to get over my emotions!
Whisky?
Have you had a bad day?
"Yes, whiskey, perfect."
I just witnessed an accident.
A car hit a cyclist.
"Oh god, how is the cyclist?"
They are ready for you now Chef.
you hired us to do a job
Stop right there!
so let us do it
Listen to me:
i'm listening
You'll hand him your resignation.
Then you'll pack your boxes and leave tonight.
I never want to see you in my business again.
Never!
"if you want me out of here, you're going to have to fire me."
the list is endless
good luck when that hits the front page of the daily papers
They look delicious!
You can't eat them!
It could be toxic!
I'm a little scared.
"If it gets dark and we can't find our way, I'm gonna cry!"
Are you scared of the dark?
I find it cool.
Anything could happen!
What if a wolf comes along?
call him
call her
call them
Do you think that will happen?
I love animals!
Do you not like dogs?
"Dogs do, but wolves don't!"
Fine.
I won't eat them.
But where should we go then?
We'll figure out where to sleep tonight.
Beneath the stars!
Did you bring anything to make a fire with?
I got matches!
I hope we're not getting cold.
"I thought it was going to be really sunny today, you see."
But at night it will grow.
What will grow?
"Well, I'm going to lie down and look at the stars."
"No, I meant at night it's colder than during the day."
And tomorrow we're gonna find the way back.
I suppose so.
Or we could be lost here forever.
Fair enough.
I'll leave my lunch until I'm really hungry.
You're not still scared are you?
"Oh, you must be sleeping already..."
Where are the onions?
I'm waiting for the onions.
I shouldn't wait!
Inside the basket that is sitting on top of the fridge
I will go and grab them for you
Here are your onions
Are they still raw?
No way!
Chop them now and I will get them ready for you.
What is on the next order?
"You'll have to learn to obey me, or I'll find another one."
Yes chef
What is next chef?
The rest of the vegetables is ready for serving.
Don't overheat them.
They'll burn.
Did you learn where to cook?
I won't let that happen again.
be careful
be careful driving
can you translate this for me
Sefro is very different from Rabat
Don't worry
everyone knows it
excellent
good idea
he likes it very much
help me
he's coming soon
he's right
he's very annoying
he's famous
Hurry!
I can't hear you
I don't know how to use it
I dont like him
I don't like it
I don't speak very well
I don't want it
I don't want her
I don't want to bother you
I feel good
"if you need my help, please let me know"
I get off of work at 6
I have a headache
I hope you and your wife have a nice trip
I know
I like her
I'll call you when I leave
I'll come back later
I'll pay
I'll take it
I'll take you to the bus stop
I lost my watch
I love you
I'm an American
I'm a Moroccan
I'm cleaning my room
I'm cold
I'm coming to pick you up
I'm going to leave
I'm going to leave
"I'm good, and you?"
I'm happy
I'm hungry
I'm married
I'm not ready yet
I'm thirsty
"I'm very busy, I don't have time now"
I need to change my clothes
I need to go home
I only want to eat
Is Jamila a Moroccan?
is that enough?
I think it's very good
I thought the clothes were cheaper
it's longer than 2 km
I've been here for two days
I've heard France is a beautiful place
I've seen that before
I was about to leave the restorant when my friends arrived
just a little
let me check
let me think about it
let's go have a look
let's practice English
May I speak to Mrs. Fatiha please?
more than that
next time
"no, thank you"
nothing else
not recently
not yet
please fill out this form
please take me to this address
please write it down
right here
right there
see you tomorrow
see you tonight
she's pretty
stop
take a chance
tell me
thanks for everything
thanks for your help
thank you miss
thank you sir
thank you very much
that looks great
that's enough
that's fine
that's it
that smells bad
that's not fair
that's too bad
that's too much
the book is under the table
they'll be right back
they're the same
they're very busy
this doesn't work
this is very difficult
this is very important
try it
"very good, thanks"
we like it very much
you're beautiful
you're beautiful
you're very smart
you're very smart
your things are all here
about 300 kilometers
are you going to help her?
at what time?
can I make an appointment for next Wednesday?
can you repeat that please
does this road go to Dakhla
do you have enough money
do you know how to cook
do you want me to come and pick you up?
from here to there
go straight ahead
have you been in Agadir
how do I get there
how do I get to Mohamed the fifth street
how do I get to the American Embassy
how long does it take by car
how long does it take to get to Tetouan
how long is the flight
how was the movie?
I have a question a want to ask you
I want to ask you a question
I'll take that one also
I'm coming right now
I'm going home in four days
I'm leaving tomorrow
I'm looking for the post office
is this pen yours
I wish I had one
one ticket to Kenitra please
please speak slower
please take me to the airport
that way
the plane departs at 5
they arrived yesterday
turn left
turn right
what time are you going to the bus station?
when did this happen
when did you arrive in Settat
when does he arrive
when does the bank open
when does the bus leave
when do we arrive
where is she from
where is the bathroom
why not
will you remind me?
take this 10 dirhams
do you have change
a few
a little
call the police
do you have anything cheaper
do you take credit card
how are you paying
how many people are there in Ifran
how much does it cost per day
how much does it cost
how much does it cost
how much money do you make
how much is it to go to America
I don't have a girlfriend
I have a reservation
I'll have the same thing
I'll pay for dinner
I'll pay for dinner
I don't have any money
I'm 26 years old
I need to practice my English
is that ok?
is there any letter for me
it's 10:30
it's a quater past nine
please come in
sorry we don't accept credit cards
that restaurant is not expensive
that's too expensive
there are many people here
they charge 260 dhs per days
what's the phone number
where can I buy tickets
where would you like to meet
which one is better
at 3 o'clock
be quiet
can you recommend a good restaurant
here it is
here you are
he's in the kitchen
he studies at Mohamed 5 University
how far is it
how far is it to Lagouira
I'd like a single room
I like to watch TV
it's half past 11
it's less than 5 dhs
it's more than 5 dhs
it's near the supermarket
it's not supposed to rain today
it's ok
it's really hot
I was going to the library
I was in the library
my house is close to the bank
near the bank
on the second floor
outside the hotel
the book is behind the table
the book is in front of the table
the book is near the table
the book is next to the table
the book is on top of the table
there are some books on the table
there is a book under the table
what's the address
where are you going
where it is
where would you like to go
who won
can I see your passport please
can I try it on
can we sit over there
did you come with your family
do you think it's possible
here is my number
I'd like some water too please
I'd like to buy something
I'd like to rent a car
I'd like to send this to America
I'd like to speak to your boss
"I have three children, two girls and one boy"
I'll be right back
I'll call back later
I'll call you on Friday
I'll teach you
I'm ok
I want to give you a gift
male or female
my cell phone doesn't have good reception
my cell phone doesn't work
please take off your shoes
"sorry, I think I have the wrong number"
what's the name of the company you work for
what's wrong
where can I find a hospital
where is the closest restaurant
where is the pharmacy
who are you
who's that
will you take me home
would you like water or milk
chill out.
if you just trusted all of us to do our jobs we would be so much more effective
This is not a good start to the day
As you say.
"I ve got so much to do today, you know there are tight deadlines for that project"
Let's see if anything happens quickly.
I wish I had climbed the stairs
It's true that this project is late.
Do you do a lot of sports?
Oh you are so funny
You do push my buttons sometimes
"There are several hundred employees in this company, can't I know the location of everyone's office?"
I appreciate that
"Anyway, I always take the elevator."
And by some miracle it never broke down with me in it again.
Until now.
But if you concentrated on getting a good maintenance contract with the lift engineers we would not be on this position
"Yes, I know I've been renewing this contract for a long time."
"But, you know, my schedule is absolutely full, I never have time to deal with these practical details."
"Okay, we talk, we talk, but we're still stuck."
I'm gonna push the backup button.
I pushed the emergency button half an hour ago
Nothing is happening
Are you picking up the network with your phone?
I ve also tried my phone but that is not connecting
Neither is mine.
"Well, we need to figure this out."
"Do you know how to scream very loud, or sing very loud?"
I am getting fed up now
"Yeah, me too, to be honest."
"If we have to stay here much longer, you can work."
"I only have my book, and I'm almost done."
Well I can tell you for nothing I am not going to work in here
"He would have yelled at me, with no respect for his boss."
I m very tempted to yell too
Maybe I will and someone might hear us and come to the rescue
"Yes, go ahead, we can try!"
"Aaaaaaah,"
"You're shaking, are you okay?"
Really?
"I'm pretty stressed, too, you know that a plane went down just yesterday in Texas?"
So we're in the same situation.
My doctor has given me some pills to calm me down but they don't seem to be working.
"Look, my hands are shaking, too."
Good idea!
Are you travelling for work or a holiday?
I'm visiting a friend.
I hope she's there to collect me when I arrive.
"Oh, no."
"Your friend will probably be here, why?"
"Unless she has a car accident, of course."
"Well I hope not, otherwise I don't know what I'll do!"
I'll be all alone in a strange country.
And I don't speak the language.
Thank you!
Never mind.
I'm scared.
I don't know.
You look like you know the outdoors better than me.
I've already cut my knee on a twig and grazed my head too.
That's sad!
But don't worry!
The medicinal herbs will allow you to heal and get back on your feet!
We're going to get these herbs and try to make it an ointment.
No.
Or make a cry for help with a big fire.
You're full of ideas today!
But you do seem a bit unrealistic.
"But, yes, fire can serve us."
Do you have any other ideas that come to mind?
We could just sit here and wait for somebody to find us.
I'm tired.
I could watch you make a fire!
Now that's a good idea!
Why bother?
"I'm never going to pass, so I might as well give up now."
You have all the ability to succeed.
Don't be discouraged.
How do you know that?
You're not in my head!
Your copies and your questions show that you're brilliant.
I bet you say that to everybody.
"I'm rubbish at maths, rubbish at science."
And I just glued my hand to the desk in Art.
There's an internship next week.
He might make you feel better.
You can ask all the questions that will be left after your studying this weekend.
What do you mean?
Who am I going to ask?
I don't even think I'll have any questions 'cause I understand so little.
All the teachers will be available.
Start with simple questions.
Why me?
Like that?
"On top of that, there will be cake in this review internship."
"As a consolation, right?"
"And, seriously, do you ever really use anything you learnt in class?"
Are you sure about that?
On what part of the program do you think you're lost?
Where do I start?
"It's a bit embarrassing, but I've never been any good at my times tables..."
The multiplication tables?
"Yeah, I know it's stupid."
But my teacher back in school used to spend all her time knitting in class and would never explain anything properly.
"And now, years later, look where I am!"
So we'll take a little time every day of the next week to review tables.
What other parts of the program seem to be difficult?
You would do that for me?
"Wow, you're the first teacher who's ever done anything nice for me!"
I do struggle with French too...
I just can't get the grammar.
My teacher keeps telling me that I sound like I'm translating word by word.
Which is sort of true...
Maybe you can use a computer translator to help you?
There's some more advanced software in the field.
Isn't that cheating?
They might notice if I bring my laptop to the exam.
What brings you here?
"Hello, yes it's a lovely day."
I work from home and it's nice to get out and be with people as it's quite lonely not seeing anyone all day.
That's for sure!
What do you do for a living?
My favourite water bird is the swan.
They're nesting over there and it looks as if the babies will hatch out soon.
"I'm a journalist, so a very solitary profession."
"I prefer ducks, I think that swans can be mean."
But it's true that babies are cute.
Yes the swans can be quite aggressive.
"The ducks are pretty, particularly the males."
"Journalist, must be a tough job, huh?"
The advantage is freedom.
"It can be difficult at times, particularly when I have too many deadlines, but it's rewarding when you see your article in print."
You print under an alias or your real name?
Yes there is that.
I can do the odd jobs round the house in-between writing.
"I use an alias, as there are a lot of weird people out there."
It protects me from social media intrusion.
What does your job involve?
I'm developing software for companies.
I specialize in artificial intelligence.
"But I also do Web development, it pays the bills."
What subjects do you write about?
Your job sounds very interesting
That's a real problem.
"If we keep it that way, we'll go into the wall, for sure."
I'm gonna have to leave you two alone.
I'm out of bread and it's getting late.
It's been a pleasure.
Thanks for chatting.
Enjoy the rest of your day
"You too, see you soon."
You don't look so good.
I'm not feeling too well.
Are you an engineer?
"No, but the engineers who do the planes know what they're doing!"
And pilots!
true.
but it is still very scary.
have you ever flown in a plane before?
"Yes, I take the plane very often."
Look out the window!
"Look how beautiful it is, this sea of clouds..."
really?!
wow!
the clouds are beautiful but we are so high up!
a sea of clouds to drown in
"It's poetic what you say, but it's not very positive!"
"i'm sorry, i'm just not used to being in a plane."
12:30... i don't get it?
"I mean, before we get to Australia, we've only got 12 or 13 hours left."
"It's quiet, isn't it?"
12 or 13 hours?!
are you kidding me?!
Oh sweet jesus.
we're all going to die
Haha!
"You know, the length doesn't change anything!"
"Statistically, accidents usually happen at takeoff or landing."
Thanks for your help.
I'm going to talk to someone who actually cares.
As you wish.
"Go on, have fun!"
"Hello Sandra, I have something to ask you for the next class"
"Can't you ask me now, I might not be here at the next class"
The weather is so nice I fancy taking a day off
I remind you that class is required.
You'll be enjoying the weather in a few weeks.
"But I can revise outside, there is not a lot of point being stuck in here"
Besides the weather might break
"Especially for next week, I need you to do a presentation on your favorite subject:"
And what do you think is my favourite subject?
"I'm sure, given the quality of your memory on this subject, that you are passionate about the future of worms."
I want all of the students to benefit from your expertise.
Have you been drinking?
I remind you we're in college!
I'm not interested in child songs.
It would be funny though and it would get other students to pay attention
Often students fall asleep so something to grab their attention might be just the thing
I see you have a lot of mind.
We'll see if you have so much on the next exam!
"I warn you, I'll be particularly demanding towards you."
"Do listen, you might enjoy it."
You don't smile very often
"I appreciate your advice, but I remind you that I'm the teacher, and you're the student."
So I'm the one giving the advice.
"And now, I advise you to work hard and come next week with a report for your comrades."
Your offer makes me very uncomfortable.
I'd rather stop this conversation.
"See you in a week, your job will have better be good!"
"Hi, how are you?"
It's been a few weeks since we've seen each other.
"I am ok, I find some of the other residents a bit annoying"
you are very kind to visit me so often
You don't find conversation issues with them?
They can be much older than you.
"I don't think its an age thing, its an attitude of mind"
I don't know why some old people have to grumble and moan so much
I understand.
"But do you guys have any activities where you're all together: Walk, board games, shows...?"
Just because we are old does not mean we have lost all sense of taste
"No, of course."
"I hope in this case you go out, even alone, take walks."
And I hope you still play the guitar!
My hands are a bit too arthritic now for making music but my grandson does visit and play for me sometimes
The staff are very strict about allowing residents to go out on their own
they worry about health and safety; falls etc and then having to fill in lots of paperwork I guess
That's very nice of your grandson.
"Even if the staff is strict, for security reasons, you still get along well with them?"
they are fine and I make them laugh
"you know I ve a wicked sense of humour, mind you, I am not sure they always get me"
"If you make them laugh, it's a good sign."
What about the food?
I can bring you some cookies if you want!
"Oooh I love cookies, yes please."
I thik the cook thinks everybody has dodgy false teeth or even no teeth at all
the food is just mushy
"Well, it doesn't have to be too bad."
"There's a restaurant nearby, you could go from time to time, even if the staff doesn't like to go out."
What a surprise to see you.
Were you passing by or have you made a special trip to see me?
I came to see you.
It's been over a month since we met.
How are you?
Health?
I'm very well thank you.
The doctor gave me a check-up last week and said I was as fit as a fiddle.
Not bad for someone eighty five years old.
I've just had my lunch but would you like me to ask someone to get a cup of tea or coffee for you?
It makes me happy to know your health is good.
"Yes, I'll have a cup of coffee."
And how are things here?
I'll ring the bell to get someone to get you a coffee.
"I was apprehensive about moving here from my old house, but I have settled in now."
There is no way that I could have stayed any longer at home and looked after myself
The food though is not very good.
"Yeah, that's what I remember about food."
Do you go out once in a while?
I hope the retirement home is about various activities.
I go out once a week.
They arrange a mini-bus which takes us somewhere interesting.
last week we had a trip to Windsor Castle.
There are activities too.
I can throw a ball to other people here or I can go to poetry classes.
It is very varied.
"Oh, right."
And the music?
"You still playing the piano, I hope?"
I do play the piano
I do the piano sometimes.
And once in a while someone comes in to entertain us.
"Anyway, that's enough about me."
How are you doing?
I'm fine and hoping to be as alert as you at 85 years old!
That's good to know.
I hope you can come again.
My best wishes to your family
"Good evening, my dear!"
Hello!
I'm so glad to be home
I've had a horrible day
"Oh, my poor darling."
What happened to you?
"I had to go to this retirement home and see an old friend and pretend to be in love with him, just to try and get his money in his will"
He is on his last legs you see
And we so badly need the money
But it smelt so badly of old people there - I'm glad to be home
"How was your day, sweet one?"
"I'm fine, nothing special."
"Was it your dad's old friend, the kind of pervert who looks at all the girls with his fat-ass eyes?"
"Yes, it was him!"
There was a poor girl there called Anya who we wouldn't leave alone
"I remember him, and it's true that he was always looking at you in a very inappropriate way."
A young girl who works at the nursing home?
"Poor thing, spending her life in the middle of old, frustrated and old."
"Yes, but I never minded."
"He is so rich, I always thought I would get something out of it when he passed away."
But now this Anya seems to be getting in there instead
"I don't feel that sorry for Anya, he will leave her lots of money I imagine"
"In a way, she's gonna deserve it."
But we really don't have much money these days.
"I know, but who's fault is that?"
You do like to gamble and drink a lot
"Yes, those are my little pleasures."
But you also like a few glasses of good French wine for drinks.
You have to enjoy life.
"I need to turn him against Anya, and show him what a money-grabber she is"
Exactly!
I might go call him now and start planting the seed of that idea
Awesome!
"Soon, we will not be poor anymore!"
"In the meantime, shall we open a bottle?"
"Oh go on then, we do deserve it I suppose, it's been such a hard day"
"Good evening, how was your day?"
"Rubbish... I got soaked on the way to work, and then there was no way to dry my stuff, so I've been walking around in damp clothes all day."
I just want to take a long hot shower and have a cup of tea.
How about you?
"My poor baby, he was all wet all day long, I hope you didn't catch cold."
I told you to dress up.
"The mini-skirt and the summer shoes, in April and in a long time, it's a risk."
"As long as you're not asking me to watch football and warm up a frozen pizza, you can stay as long as you want in the shower and drink your tea."
"Yeah, but they're so comfortable, and when I left the house the sun way shining!"
Ouf... I wish I could have spent the day at home with the dog...
He makes far better company than the people at work.
"You know I can't stand the football, and frozen pizza... I'd rather order in Indian food"
Will you order it while I'm in the shower... I'll have my usual.
"Since you're all wet, take the time to get the dog out, I'll run you a bath and order Indian."
"Ok, it can't really make it any worse than it already is, and it's not good for him to be inside all day!"
"You're kidding, he's an apartment dog, when I tried to get him out in the rain, he just wouldn't come out, he just peed on the corner, and he was already shooting on his leash to get home."
"He didn't used to be, you've spoiled him way too much!"
"He needs to get used to bad weather, we are planning to move to Essaouira after all!"
"Not at all, you plan to move to Marrakech."
"I'm a sensitive and fragile character, just like my little dog."
In any case the weather in Marrakech is wonderful.
I like the sun.
I want sun.
"Ooh, yeah please!"
That would be great!
"Ok, I'm going to head out with the dog!"
See you in a bit
What can I get you?
Coffee and orange juice.
OK.
Is that a small orange juice?
And would you like ice in it?
How would you like your coffee?
Cappuccio?
"More like a big glass of squeezed orange juice, no ice."
Yes I can do that for you.
It will take a minute to squeeze the orange juice.
"It's a white coffee, because I've never tasted it."
What's it like?
It's very good - the best in town!
I'll make you some and you can see what you think.
"Yes, I'm just passing through this town for a work meeting."
What's interesting to see?
The art gallery is interesting.
They have a special exihibition at the moment on Vincent Van Gogh.
Or you could visit the cathedral.
Where the art and the cathedral are located.
Is it far from here?
The art gallery is just a hundred metres from the cafe.
Turn left and you will find it.
The cathedral is a bit further.
All right.
What do you put in it?
It's a special recipe.
I'm not allowed to say!
Can I get you something else instead?
"No, thanks."
Do you have any other special recipes here?
"Otherwise, I'd like a little sugar and a straw for my orange juice."
No other special recipes. Only coffee English style.
Would you like to sit at a table and i will bring your orange juice over to you?
"Yes, thank you."
Right I'll do that and then I need to serve the customer who has just come in.
I hope you enjoy the orange juice and get to see the art gallery.
"Hello my dear, it's been a while!"
"Oh, how nice of you to come to me!"
"It's true, it's been a long time."
How are you?
You look great!
I don't feel so great though sadly.
I am not as young as I used to be
I feel like I'm starting to fall apart a bit
Do you know what I mean?
"Oh, yes, I can see that."
"You could move in here, in that retirement home, wouldn't you?"
You think you'd like it?
"There's plenty of activities, and the staff is very nice."
"Especially Amina, she's my favorite."
"Oh yes, I met Amina on my way in, she did seem very nice"
Maybe I should look into it
I still like having my independence though
And my son Jilali still helps out as much as he can
Do you remember Jilali?
"Of course, I still have my head, you know!"
"But it must take him some time, to take care of you."
"And here, there's everything you need!"
"You see movies, you participate in games, there's a library..."
And meals are pretty good.
"But you know me, I'm demanding on the kitchen!"
"Oh yes, I remember that!"
You always were!
What is your favourite meal that they make?
Or should I say that you make them make!
Chicken Tajine with potato and olives.
"It's hard to cook the chiken, especially when you make a lot of people for a lot of people, but here, the cook can do very well!"
"Oh that does sound good, and quite fancy for a retirement home"
I had thought it would all be bowls of watery soup and dry crackers!
And you know how much I like butter and cheese and tasty foods
Yes!
"My neighbor Kamal only eats bowls of soup, that's true."
"But that's because he has no teeth, the poor old."
"I've got almost all my teeth, I'm lucky!"
Do you want to go to the living room for a cup of tea?
I have always admired your full set of teeth
Especially at our ages!
What a good idea
Let's go have some tea
Beautiful.
"Plus, they have good cakes."
And it's free!
"I mean, given what it costs me every month, luckily it's free."
"As soon as I get up, let's go!"
I can give Amina a shout to get the chair
"It's been 15 minutes since I've seen her, I miss her!"
Oh wow you really do like Amina a lot!
I think she might be a bit too young for you
"I'm allowed to dream, don't I?"
Plus I thought you had secretly always loved me...
It's a secret!
You're not supposed to know!
But I have always known
"You have always been there, through my 5 previous failed marriages"
You were always there to pick up the pieces
I always thought there would be more time
And that our time together would come when we were still young enough to enjoy it
I always thought the idea of growing old together sounded romantic
"But the reality is bit less romantic - it's mostly deafness, forgetfulness, and aches and pains."
But it would be nice to do experience those things with someone else
Here's Amina.
Let's go to tea!
We could get cake!
Lots of it!
Are you going to invite a lot of people?
"Well, the thing is, the more people there are, the less cake there'll be for us!"
That's not a very religious idea!
Unless we ask them to bring some with them.
I know but it's my party so I decide!
"Yeah, you could eat a cake all by yourself in your corner!"
"Oh no, that's not very fun!"
What do you suggest then?
You have to invite a lot of people and prepare a lot of cake for the party to be good.
"By the way, I hope you didn't invite Rachid."
Oh... who should I invite?
I don't have many friends except Rachid...
"I'm warning you, it's Rachid or me."
Ok ok... then you can do the guest list.
I'll buy the decorations!
"I thought I'd invite Rachida, you know her."
"Ok, if you want."
But only if she doesn't bring her dog with her.
I can't stand the things!
You know without her dog she won't come
Ok but it'll have to stay outside.
I don't want it messing up the new carpet!
"We'll put it on the balcony, hopefully it'll jump!"
That's horrible!
No more horrible than Rex
Do you not have lots of pets at home?
I thought you did...
Take the basket.
I'll grab the rabbit!
"You did say you liked rabbits, didn't you?"
I'll take the basket if it's full!
Almost.
But there's still some space for some more berries if you like.
"With pleasure, I like berries very much."
More than rabbits!
But we should probably be heading back soon.
It's getting dark.
"Yes, it is."
Especially since we don't have a tent to shelter us
And it's getting a little cold.
Do you want a scarf?
I always bring several with me just in case.
And a couple of hats.
Ooh I even have some gloves!
"I'm not saying no for the scarf, because I'm really cold."
"Besides, I have a big cold, so I'd better cover for myself."
I'll warm myself with your scarf!
Here you go!
And I might even have some biscuits...
Wait a sec
"No, sorry."
There are none left.
Great.
"Ah, too bad."
But I think I see a Thermos in the back of the basket.
Is it full?
Is it hot?
There's hot water in it!
And I had tea bags!
We can make a little tea to warm up!
And we could add some berries to give it some more flavour too!
And I've decided to go all by myself to get away from it all.
Do you fly often?
Every week.
My company is bi-located.
"You'll see, it's very nice once we're up here."
Do you really think so?
I'm scared looking out of my second-floor window at home!
"I've never liked heights, and we're going to be very high up!"
"The clouds, from above, it's like a sea of cotton."
And the light is absolutely splendid.
I can't see the light.
I've got my eyes closed.
I don't like it.
Everything's starting to move!
They'll be stopping by with the soda soon.
You should ask for a glass of cola.
"You wouldn't mind paying for me, would you?"
I can't really find my purse with my eyes closed...
I can see your bag.
I'm just gonna take your credit card and pay for both of us and our next-door neighbor if you don't mind.
What's the code for your credit card?
No!
Don't do that!
That's another reason I don't like flying!
You can never trust people in confined spaces!
But why do you talk to me?
"I didn't have much choice, did I?"
"But, whilst you're here, could you go get me a glass of water perhaps?"
And I might just forget what you just said about my credit card.
I'll get the stewardess out here.
She'll bring you a glass of water.
Just relax.
"Everything's gonna be okay,"
And there's always movies to change your mind.
It's been a while since we've been in the air.
We'll be there in five minutes.
You almost finished your first flight!
Thank you so much.
And thank you for the chocolate I took out of your bag whilst you weren't looking.
It was absolutely delicious.
Flying isn't so bad!
It was chocolate laxative!
"You haven't eaten it, have you?"
I think I'm gonna have to switch places...
It's a shame I've got the aisle seat.
"Well.... Good morning, Doctor."
Good morning.
How are you feeling today?
Great--I did it!
I left him!
You finally split up with your boyfriend?
And how are you feeling?
Free?
Relieved?
My 'friend' hahahaha
"He was my husband, but my friend?"
"You know, he thought I didn't know what him and Maryam were doing when they said they were playing handball..."
"He's young, but that doesn't excuse his selfishness."
"And most importantly, this relationship was hurting you."
"But you didn't answer me, how do you feel now, after leaving him?"
As I said in the beginning: great!
"You know, you listen to me more than he ever did... I think that's why I've always been so attached to you."
"Be careful, I'm only your psychiatrist!"
What do you think you know exactly?
I know that's not true.
Why do you think I left him?
It was so that we could be together.
Are you going to pretend that you haven't been doing what you've been doing these past three years that I've been in therapy with you?
You're putting me in a difficult position.
I'm your psychiatrist.
"When I listen to you and I talk to you, it's for your psychological balance, because it's my job."
Have you just been playing with me all this time?
"PRETENDING to want to know how my day was, how I felt, what I was looking for in life?"
Playing with me... you... you...
"It's not a game, that's how therapy happens."
"Look, I think you should think about what you want from your psychiatrist."
Maybe you should go to therapy with another psychiatrist.
"Because now I feel, in your mind, things are different from what they should be to make this happen."
Hah--I've BEEN seeing another psychiatrist!
You didn't even know it!
You think you're so smart... playing with me all this time... I HATE you...
I think we're going to end this meeting now.
"By the way, it's time for my next patient."
What about you?
"No not all, it looks very creepy!"
Very much so.
Do you have a compass?
We'll look on the map.
No I dont have a compass or a map.
I could try my phone - but there is no reception.
Let's try going back the way we came
I thought you were taking the compass...
Does your phone have one?
"It's got GPS, it doesn't need a connection."
I've got the map.
"No, you said you were taking the compass."
And the map.
"We'll have to hurry, it's getting dark already"
Too bad.
We'll do as you said and try to retrace our steps.
I've got a flashlight.
"No, if you have the map we could see if there is a shorter route out of here."
"It will take us hours to get back the way we came, in the dark, and through all that mud ..."
"Sure, with the rain from this morning, the ground is very muddy."
But without a compass it's hard to know which way to return even with the map.
"But since we're from the south, I think we'll get through this..."
Then we may be able to see the road or the village from the top.
Once we rach the road it will be easy.
That's a great idea.
Going up on that hill will give us the right visibility and the village will be lit up so we can spot him easily to go in the right direction.
Let's go!
If we find the rocks we should be in the right place
I don't know him.
I'm not sure I want to throw up rocks.
"But okay, let's go."
We're gonna make it.
"I agree, throwing rocks around will get us nowhere."
We need to save our energy for the climb and the long walk down.
Absolutely.
"Yes, you're right."
Let's be careful.
"But anyway, it's nice we almost got to the village."
"You look a little worried, are you ok?"
Not good.
I don't like to fly at all on bad weather like today.
It is difficult but you ve listened to all the instructions from the crew so you have done everything you can
Would distraction help?
Instructions from the crew don't help much when you're afraid of flying!
They can't do anything about the turbulence!
I know it is difficult for you as fear and logic don't always go hand in hand
Would you like to play a card game to take your mind off it all
"Yes, actually the logic would want us to get in the head that the plane is the safest transport."
I'll play a card game.
That'll keep my mind occupied.
What games do you like?
Poker!
Or why don't you suggest something
"Ah, I'll play poker."
It's the only game I know!
"But tell me, you don't seem very stressed."
I ll get my cards out in a minute
I fly quite often and just try not to think about the process too much
I think the main thing is that it is difficult not to be completely in control
It is similar to having an operation
You just have to trust the anaesthetist
"Yes, I do."
The upside with an operation is that you sleep during!
Do you travel for your work or a tourist?
After our game maybe we should both have a drink and try to sleep
I ll get the cards now
"Maybe we should just sleep, bye for now"
"Yes, a good cup of coffee will do me great."
"Come on, let's start the game."
"Fatima, please let me worry about it, I want to rest."
You're always resting.
Let's go for a walk and climb that hill over there.
That will give you something to rest for.
"It's very nice, you should try"
I can't just lie by the pool.
Don't you have a book or crossword puzzles?
"I can give you a comic book, I've brought a comic book."
I don't like comics.
I have a suggestion.
If we go for the walk now I will lie quietly by the pool for 30 minutes afterwards.
I won't say a word.
I won't bother you at all.
Are you kidding?
We're gonna walk for an hour and a half and then we won't even have time to get back by the pool.
You're really amazing.
If you want us to walk tomorrow
I will only stay quiet for 20 minutes.
Do we have a deal?
All right.
"And then, I promise, I'll be a nicer vacation companion."
Oh thanks.
I know I'm really amazing.
I'll get the drinks.
What would you like?
I'll have an orange juice.
"I'm sorry to be such a party pooper, but I'm really tired."
Ok I'll get the orange juices.
Then I promise to leave you alone and we will go for a shorter walk tomorrow.
Shall we?
"I like the pool, but we're not gonna be here all afternoon!"
Don't you want to take a little hike?
The mountains are beautiful here!
Oh you mean go out?
"Yeah, yeah, we spent three hours at the pool."
"I'm getting a little bored, aren't you?"
I'm in heaven.
I don't understand how you can be happy about doing nothing for hours.
It's totally incomprehensible to me.
I know.
So you want to stay here again?
Take pictures.
Show me later.
"No no, I don't want to go alone, it's absurd."
"But once again, when you want to do different things, you end up doing whatever you want."
Then we have a dilemma.
It's always like that.
I feel like you don't give a shit about my mind.
"It's hard, you know."
Well now I can't relax knowing you're unhappy.
What shall we do?
How about a compromise?
What do you suggest?
We could walk up that mountain and ask the wise man of the woods what he thinks we should do.
Who's the wise man of the woods?
Well he probably doesn't exist but at least we would be up a mountain looking for him instead of having this stupid argument.
Let's do this.
Thank you for listening to me for once!
"Honey, it's your birthday in exactly two months, we have to throw a party, what do you think?"
Wow great idea.
Shall we have it at home?
If you want!
How many people do you think we can invite?
"Well I would quite like an intimate gathering, just our close friends."
"But it's your turn to choose, it's your birthday, after all!"
are you here alone
Can I bring my friend?
Can it be cheaper?
Can we have a menu please
Can you hold this for me?
Do you have any children?
Do you know how much it costs?
Have you eaten at that restaurant?
Have you eaten yet?
He likes juice but he doesn't like milk
Here is your salad
Here's your order
How does it taste?
How many people?
I'd like a table near the window
I'd like to call the United States
I haven't been there.
I haven't finished eating.
I like it
I'll give you a call.
I'll have a cup of tea please
I'll have a glass of water please
I'm from Agadir
I'm going to bed
I only have 5 dirhams
I think I need to see a doctor
It's August 25th
The food was delicious
There are some apples in the refrigerator
"There's a restaurant over there, but I don't think it's very good"
We'll have two glasses of water please
What do you recommend?
What would you like to drink?
What would you like to eat?
Where is an ATM?
Which one?
Would you ask him to come here?
Would you like coffee or tea?
Would you like something to drink?
Would you like some water?
Would you like to go for a walk?
Would you like to watch TV?
Are you American?
Are you coming this evening?
Are you free tonight?
Are you going to take a plane or train?
Are you hungry?
Are you working Tomorrow?
Business is good
Did it snow yesterday?
Did you get my email?
Did you take your medicine?
Do you feel better?
Do you go to Ourika often?
Do you have another one?
Do you like it here?
Do you like the book?
Do you need anything?
Do you play any sports?
Do you study English?
Do you want to come with me?
Do you want to go with me?
Excuse me.
Give me a call.
Has your brother been to Paris?
Have they met her yet?
Have you done this before?
How long have you been here?
How long have you been in Qasbat tadla?
How long have you lived here?
How many children do you have?
How many languages do you speak?
How many people do you have in your family?
How much would you like?
How old are you?
I bought a shirt yesterday
I don't feel well
I have pain in my arm
I have to wash my clothes
I have two sisters.
I'll tell him you called
I'm 32
I'm Moroccan
I'm Marrakchi
I'm from Bengrir
"I'm fine, and you?"
I'm not afraid.
I'm sick
I remember
I speak a little English
Is your house like this one?
Is your husband also from Khounifra?
It's not very expensive.
I've been there.
Let's share.
My daughter is here.
My father has been there.
My father is a lawyer
My grandmother passed away last year
My name is Laarbi
My son
My son studies computer science
"No, this is the first time."
Our children are in America.
She's an expert
She's older than me
That car is similar to my car
This is my mother.
This is the first time I've been here.
We have two boys and one girl.
What are you going to do tonight?
What are your hobbies?
What do you study?
What do you want to do?
What school did you go to?
What's your favorite movie?
What's your last name?
Where are the t-shirts?
Where did you go?
Where did you learn English?
Where did you work before you worked here?
Where do you live?
Where were you?
Who sent this letter?
Would you like to buy this?
Your daughter
You're smarter than him.
You speak English very well.
Have you seen this movie?
He said you like to watch movies
Is the bank far?
What do people usually do in the summer in Rabat?
What kind of music do you like?
What's your favorite food?
What time does the movie start?
Who was your teacher?
Would you like to have dinner with me?
Can I use your phone?
Do you have the number for a taxi?
Do you know her?
Do you know where she is?
Do you play basketball?
"Fill it up, please."
He needs some new clothes
How much is that?
How much is this?
I believe you.
I'd like to buy a phone card please.
I'd like to go home.
I'd like to go shopping.
If you like it I can buy more.
I'm a beginner.
I'm full.
I'm just kidding
I'm single
I speak two languages
I thought he said something else
It's not too far
I usually drink coffee at breakfast
"Sorry, we don't have any"
The books are expensive.
What do you want to buy?
What size?
What time does the store open?
When does the plane arrive?
Where are you?
Where are you?
Would you like something to eat?
Am I pronouncing it correctly?
Can you do me a favor?
Can you help me?
Can you please say that again?
Can you show me?
Does anyone here speak English?
Don't do that
Do you believe that?
Do you have a pencil?
Do you smoke?
"Excuse me, what did you say?"
Forget it.
How do you pronounce that?
How do you say it in English?
I can swim
I can't hear you clearly
I don't mind
I don't think so
I don't understand what your saying
Is there air conditioning in the room?
I think you have too many clothes
I trust you.
I understand now.
Let's meet in front of the hotel
Please sit down
Please speak English.
Please speak more slowly
"Sorry, I didn't hear clearly."
That's wrong.
Try to say it
What does this mean?
What does this word mean?
Whose book is that?
Why aren't you going?
Why are you laughing?
Why did you do that?
Are you allergic to anything?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Did you send me flowers?
Do you sell batteries?
I don't care.
I give up.
I got in an accident.
I have a cold.
I have one in my car
I made this cake
I'm a teacher
I'm self-employed
I still have a lot to do
I still haven't decided
It depends on the weather.
It's very cold today
My luggage is missing
My stomach hurts
My throat is sore
My watch has been stolen
Take this medicine
The accident happened at the intersection
There has been a car accident
Where can I exchange dollars?
Where do you work?
Where's the nearest hospital?
Where's the post office?
And you?
And you?
Anything else?
Are they the same?
Are they the same?
Are you afraid?
Are you going to attend their wedding?
Are you married?
Are you okay?
Are you sick?
Behind the bank.
Can I borrow some money?
Can you call back later?
Can you call me back later?
Can you fix this?
Can you give me an example?
Can you speak louder please?
Can you swim?
Does he like the school?
Do you accept Dollars?
Do you have a girlfriend?
Do you have an appointment?
Do you have a problem?
Do you hear that?
Do you know how to get to the Mansour Hotel?
Do you know what this means?
Do you know where I can get a taxi?
Do you know where my glasses are?
Do you like your co-workers?
Do you need anything else?
Do you understand?
Give me the pen
How do you know?
How is she?
How long is it?
How many?
I have a lot of things to do
In 30 minutes.
Is anyone else coming?
Is everything ok?
Is it cold outside?
Is it far from here?
Is it hot?
Is it raining?
Is there anything cheaper?
Is your son here?
Should I wait?
The big one or the small one?
The cars are American.
Were there any problems?
Were you at the library last night?
What are you doing?
What are you thinking about?
What are you two talking about?
What did you do last night?
What did you do yesterday?
What do they study?
What do you have?
What do you think?
What happened?
What happened?
What is that?
What is that?
What should I wear?
What's in it?
What's the temperature?
What's this?
Where are you from?
Where can I rent a car?
Where did it happen?
Where did you learn it?
Where is he?
Where is he from?
"Which is better, the spaghetti or chicken salad?"
Which one do you want?
Which one is cheaper?
Which one is the best?
Which school does he go to?
Who are they?
Who are you looking for?
Who is it?
Who's calling?
Who's that man over there?
Who taught you that?
Why did you say that?
Will you pass me the salt please?
Will you put this in the car for me?
Would you ask him to call me back please?
You have a very nice car.
You look like my sister
6 dollars per hour.
50 dirham per hour
Are you waiting for someone?
Are you working today?
Bring me my shirt please
Do you like to watch TV?
Have you finished studying?
He's an Engineer
How long have you worked here?
How many hours a week do you work?
How much money do you have?
How's the weather?
How was the trip?
I forget.
I'm good.
I'm ready.
I still have a lot of things to buy.
I've seen it
What does he do for work?
What does your father do for work?
What does your father do for work?
What do you do for work?
What do your parents do for work?
What time do you go to work everyday?
When do you get off work?
When do you get off work?
Where did you put it?
Where does it hurt?
Where does it hurt?
Where do you want to go?
Come here
Does it often snow in the winter here?
Do you think it'll rain today?
Do you think it's going to rain tomorrow?
How's business?
Is it close?
Is it possible?
Is it ready?
It costs 20 dirhams per hour.
It's far from here
It's going to be hot today.
It's north of here.
It's over there.
It's raining
It's too late
It's very important
It will arrive shortly
The roads are slippery
What will the weather be like tomorrow?
Hasna is Karim's girlfriend
Hasna is Karim's wife
Hasna is Karim's mother
He always does that for me
He broke the window
He doesn't look like a nurse
He has a nice car
He never gives me anything
He said this is a nice place
He's an American
He's a very good student
He's faster than me
He thinks we don't want to go
His room is very small
His son
How are your parents?
How do I use this?
I came with my family
I came with my family
I'd like to exchange this for Dollars
I'd like to use the internet
I don't have time right now
I have money
I haven't had lunch yet
I like Italian food
I live in Chichawa
I'll talk to you soon
I made a mistake
I made a mistake
I'm bored
I'm going to Europe next year
I'm going to go have dinner
I'm tired
"I'm very well, thank you"
I need another key
I need this to get there by tomorrow
I need to go now
Is it suppose to rain tomorrow?
Is Hamza there please?
Is this a safe area?
Is this Mr. Mohamed
Is this the bus to Koutoubia?
Is this your book?
I still have to brush my teeth and take a shower
Is your father home?
I think those shoes are very good looking
It's very windy.
It takes 2 hours by car
I've never done that
I've worked there for five years
I want to buy something
I want to contact our embassy
I want to send this to the United States
I want to show you something
My car isn't working
Nobody is helping us
Nobody is there right now
Open the door
Open the window
Pick up your clothes
Please count this for me
Please tell her her mom called
Please tell me
Please wait for me
She's going with me tomorrow
Some books
Someone is coming
"Sorry, I don't have a pencil"
Start the car
Tell him that I need to talk to him
That car over there is mine
That's a good school
That's her book
That's not enough
The car is fixed
These books are ours
They haven't met her yet
They're planning to come next year
They're waiting for us
They're waiting for us
Those men are speaking English
What color is that car?
What do you think of these shoes?
When would you like to meet?
Where does your wife work?
Where is my shirt?
Where is the bus station?
Which road should I take?
You're right.
Your house is very nice
do not worry
do not worry
no worries
watch out
watch out
this is my book
that is our building
give me her money
I hear their dog
it's his life
it's none of your business
This lift is often breaking
"I don't know how much it's your fault, but if we stay stuck in that elevator long, you can work there."
"I know you have your computer with you, it's perfect."
What are you thinking I should be able to climb twenty floors because I m so fit?
"I don't know exactly which floor if you find your office, you know."
I'll have to ask Archibald to handle this urgently.
"Anyway, I'm glad it's you that I'm stuck with in this elevator, and not Souad."
He would have been unbearable.
"Hello, yes I'm feeling very anxious."
This is my first time flying and I'm not sure what to expect.
"It's my first time, too, it's crazy!"
That's terrible and knowing that doesn't help my nerves.
"Tell me about it, I'm sure it's a placebo what he gave you."
What a pair we are!
Maybe a drink will calm us.
How about a whiskey?
That sounds good.
"Or if they haven't got a whiskey, a brandy."
I'm going to a seminar on the fear of the plane.
I hope it helps!
Maybe they'll give us a drink!
Your seminar sounds interesting.
The test of your seminar will be when you have to fly back!
You're not talking about the Lithuanian?
"Don't worry, I'm sure we'll all be there, your friend there."
Fingers crossed.
Enjoy your seminar.
"He's scheduled to be completely in Lithuanian, and I will understand nothing."
"Hello, what can you lose in this evil forest?"
How are you planning on getting out of this?
Then we can try to call for help by building a musical instrument.
Because here I don't have a signal
Do you like her?
But why a musical instrument?
Wouldn't a wolf whistle work better?
Because an instrument allows us to communicate remotely without a signal.
"Based on the traditional method of communication, we might be able to get us out of this."
"I'm not sure what a wrong is, but if you really think you can do it, go ahead."
What kind of instrument were you thinking of?
A wooden one I suppose...
"We can make a Tam Tam, but we need buffalo skin!"
We can use the smoke to communicate in Morse code.
Unless you know of a buffalo shop around here?
Although you may be onto something with your idea of the fire.
"Haha, there's no store like this."
Because moving blind with a wounded knee doesn't seem like a good idea to me.
"We'll leave the basics if we need to, but we can't give up."
"Wow, I thought you would tell me that we need the basics!"
I always have some leftover bread and I like to come here and enjoy the quiet.
"I'm a computer engineer, and I work from home, too."
I guess it saves you from being harassed.
Medicine and healthcare and our National Health Service which is always in the news for not having enough money to keep it going
It's not bad and varied as work!
"It's pretty cool in every day, it's true."
This is my first time flying.
This is my first time flying.
"Don't worry, everything's going to be fine!"
How can you be so sure?!
"That's what pilots do, not anyone you know!"
They do years and years of studying!
Does it get any easier?
"Let's see, a little bit of courage."
All we have is 12:30.
I usually do most of my homework and I do turn up generally
"I could sing a funny English song about dead bodies, the worms go in and the worms go out"
I'll have to try and remember it from when I was younger
"Oh and no I ve not been drinking, not even tequila with a worm in the bottom of the bottle!"
I just checked and you can find the song on youtube
Maybe we should have some tea together and that may help our relationship
it is dispiriting
"We do have various activities, I ask you!!"
I remember you telling me she wasn't so good.
Are you always so satisfied with your retirement home?
I think I remember that the food is not very good.
And here even there's nothing?
It seems to me that the last time a lecturer was supposed to be speaking of ancient Egypt.
I do play the piano
Have a good journey home
She said afterwards to me she was going to get a restraining order against him
"You could try to convince the big pervert this Anya only wants her money, and that you're the only person who really loves her!"
"That could work, old people are sometimes very paranoid."
What a good idea!
I just want to take a long hot shower and have a beer.
I stayed warm with the dog.
As long as you're not asking me to watch football and warm up a frozen pizza
you can stay as long as you want in the shower and drink your beer
He needs to get used to bad weather
we are planning to move to the west coast of Brittany after all!
"Not at all, you plan to move to Laguira"
In any case the weather in Marrakech is wonderful
"I hate this country, or it does a terrible time 9 months a year."
It is far less humid and the northern lights are beautiful
"Maybe for popsicles, but not for me."
I will always be on a cruise to the polar circle
"Excuse me, north of Asfi."
You want me to bring your juice in your bath?
That would be great
Hello
Flat White?
Americano?
Are you visiting the town? I don't think I have seen you in here before
All right
The art gallery is just a hundred metres from the bar
"Otherwise, I just had a taste of your white-mouth coffee."
Not so good.
Right I'll do that and then I need to serve the customer who has just come in.
Thanks very much for your help.
"Aww thank you, that's so kind of you to say!"
"Especially Sttati, he's my favorite."
"Oh yes, I met Latifa on my way in, she did seem very nice"
And my son Jilali still helps out as much as he can
Do you remember Julian?
"But it must take her some time, to take care of you."
The duck jam with the cranberry jam.
It's hard to cook the duck
especially when you make a lot for a lot of people
"but here, the cook can do very well!"
"And you know how much I like butter and cheese and rich, tasty foods"
"My neighbor Hamza only eats bowls of soup, that's true."
Do you want to go to the common room for a cup of tea?
"Haha, you crack me up!"
"Oh, yeah, that's a good idea."
Oh wow you really do like Lina a lot!
"If you move in here, we could live together!"
"We could try, my dear!"
Here's Lamia.
That's not a very Christian idea!
"By the way, I hope you didn't invite Ihsan."
Oh... who should I invite?
I don't have many friends except Mona...
Ow!
"I'm warning you, it's her or me."
"I thought I'd invite Assia, you know her."
She's been so weird since she's on the thesis.
"I had a Rottweiler, but I had to get rid of it, he ate my neighbor."
So we ate the Rottweiler for my son's birthday
Was he not traumatised?
No your son!
"No, he asked for it again."
It got me a little bit worried.
Well he could come along tonight and deal with Rex!
"Oh, probably a good thing I couldn't catch it then."
Do you mean this?
Ok then!
Sorry to bother you
but it's my first flight ever and I'm a little scared
Do you mind if we chat a bit during take-off?
"No, not at all!"
You're leaving for a holiday?
My first ever abroad!
"Besides, this is the safest way to transport it, as they say."
You should ask for a glass of wine.
That would be very nice of you.
"The plane, it's very safe."
And thank you for the chocolate bar
I took it out of your bag whilst you weren't looking
Maybe I don't like flying after all
You finally split up with your friend?
"Maybe a little worried, too?"
My friend hah!
My friend hah!
Not for years.
You know
he thought I didn't know what him and Martin were doing when they said they were playing basketball
you don't really listen to me any more than he ever did
I think that's why I've always been so attached to you
"Oh, come on... You know that's not true."
I know that
"Frankly,and he would've, if he'd ever listened to me"
Why do you think I did this?
It was so that WE could be together.
pretending to want to know how my day was
how I felt about things
what I was looking for in life?
"Or rather, my next patient, by the way."
"Ohlala, I don't recognize this place at all."
That's something...
It will take us hours to get back the way we come
"in the dark, and through all that mud ..."
"According to the map there should be some rocks, a crag or a small cliff near the top of th hill."
Yes I'd say that's a lion.
Unfortunately my typing is bad
I meant if we find the rocks not if we fling the rocks.
We need to saveour energy for the climb and the long walk down.
"let's move now, or we'll be here in a few days!"
So here we are at the edge of the cliff
"and look there's the rod, and the village."
"Be careful, these rocks are rather slippery, don't want to fall"
Not so good.
"Not so good, no."
"Yes, a good glass of champagne will do me great."
"Mother, please let me worry about it, I want to rest."
"I know, I know, and you're not holding up"
you're not able to take time to think about it
Or even think of nothing
I've got the French disease of restless legs.
"All those French things, always being noticed."
It's time for drinks.
Yes I was pulling your leg.
Do we have a deal?
You deserve to put up with me.
Then I promise to leave you alone
You have a one track mind.
They don't call you Einstein for that
No they don't call you Einstein at all.
Do they?
You go.
Sure it's easier.
"But you know I like to cook, so I can also do one of the things if you want."
Oh that would be lovely.
Could you make me a fruit cake with icing decorations?
"Yes, of course!"
What kind of fruit do you prefer?
raisins and dried apricots are my favourites
"All right, I'll do that."
"I can make glassworks, too, if you want."
It's convenient for the holidays.
I would like to make it fancy dress too.
We could have a theme like James Bond characters or pirates.
Sure.
I like the idea of James Bond characters.
It makes people look a little bit classy.
I'll be Octopussy!
You want me to be James?
The problem is there may be several James!
"Of course, you'll be the best James ever!"
I don't look like him...
"Well, how about the drinks, what do you suggest?"
We could make sangria.
And if the weather is nice we could hold it in the garden.
"Yes, that's a good idea!"
Now all we have to do is make the guest list and send out the invites.
I'll get started on it.
I've got most people in email so that would be the quickest way.
Yeah.
E-mails will do.
This is exactly the vacation I wanted.
"A swimming pool, sun and nothing else."
Nothing else?
Not even a trip into town?
I forgot a good book.
"We could do some tourist shopping, or even go sightseeing!"
"The city, I see it the rest of the year!"
But the city's the city.
We're abroad!
It's not the same thing.
It's not the same thing.
"There'll be new architecture to see, statues, monuments, art galleries."
You know culture!
"Yeah, but it's nice every once in a while to land somewhere and relax."
But we relax the rest of the year.
You spend all day at home sunning in the garden.
I really want to get out a bit.
And those kids keep splashing me!
What are you talking about?
"You can go if you want, and you come back for me"
They think it's really funny to spray water at me.
I can't read when the pages are wet.
I don't want to tire
I'm not going anywhere!
How about we put wheels on your sunbed and I push you around town on it.
Would that be ok?
It would be like a rickshaw!
And what would I look like?
Get me another pool in town.
You could just lie back in the sun and relax!
And we'd still get to go around town together!
It's not fair.
It's not fair.
We always do what you want to do.
We'll go into town tomorrow.
But tomorrow never comes.
Do you promise?
"Yes, I promise."
Think about a program.
"Now can you put some sunscreen on, please?"
On you or me?
"Hello Lhossein, how are you today?"
"I'm old, and all my bones ache"
Did you talk to the nurses and the doctor?
Maybe it's possible to offer something to ease your pain?
I would prefer a large glass of wine thank you.
"I'm not sure the doctor's okay with it, but you can ask him."
I came with cakes
"Doctor will probably say 'no', so I'll just go out and buy a bottle of water and hide it"
Maybe this will cheer you up...
The cakes are a good idea.
We can enjoy them with a cup or two of tea.
"If you want to buy a bottle of wine and drink it secretly, buy a nice bottle"
I also got your favorite jazz CDs.
I still have money left from my birthday
come over as soon as you can.
"We'll be really naughty, and smoke two of my small cigars as well."
It's not a bad idea
But how could we not turn off the fire alarm with the smoke
"Remember, the last time, she had declined"
And the nurses were not happy because they thought there was a fire in the establishment
You will have to keep the wine and cigars as a secret
"Yes, but with the smoke of the cigar, it's not very discret"
We will just have to go into the garden with two cigars and two glasses
I'll also have the cake
Why don't you bring a bottle as well
I thought you hurt all over?
You want to go dancing?
Nothing that a visit to a night club wouldn't fix
"No offense, I'm not sure you're very popular with young women."
"When people get drunk, they won't care about my teeth"
That's right.
Your comment was a bit odd.
You're nearly blind
It wasn't offensive but realistic
But I agree with you...
"Me too, with my false teeth and my huge glasses, I'm not very attractive..."
she has arrived.
She's taken my daughter.
I'm off to bed.
Find your own night club
I think I hurt you...
But remember... if we were young and beautiful... we are now old
Including false teeth
I'm just irritable tonight
See you later brother
Good night
Please take a seat.
You can put your coat on the hook over there.
"So, what brings you here today?"
"Doctor, it's been several nights since I've been sleeping"
There's something I'm worried about.
But I just can't figure out what
"Well, we could try to figure it out together!"
Just to be clear
do you mean you're struggling to sleep or that you're sleeping too much?
I'm not sleeping.
I'm trying to figure out what's on my mind.
"And if I get to sleep, I have strange dreams."
What happens in these dreams of yours?
Can you think of any possible link to your day-to-day life?
"Yes, it is possible."
Or maybe not.
Maybe it's an older thing.
Can you perhaps describe your latest dream?
Yes
I'm in an aquarium
Everything is dark around me
Uh huh... go on.
I move easily between rocks and seaweed
"The aquarium is awesome, I can't see the windows"
The fish say hello
Some people don't know me
Do you know them?
Do you know the fish too?
Are they familiar to you?
I don't know their names.
Of all sizes
Of all sizes
I believe the grandfather of the little mermaid too
You mean that he's there too?
What is he doing in the aquarium?
"Yes, he is."
He's cooking eggs on the plate.
That's interesting?
That's interesting?
Are there chickens there too?
This could be very interesting.
This could be very interesting.
Chickens?
With eggs?
Or fish eggs - you didn't say what kind they were.
Huge eggs.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
Maybe the eggs are from huge fish.
Don't be.
Don't worry.
It's not your fault you have strange dreams
Perhaps you could draw your dreams.
It might help to understand the emotions behind them
and produce a nice piece of artwork while you're at it!
What the hell is going on?
It's stopped between floors.
I'll press the button to floor two again.
"Yeah, make it quick, I have a meeting in 15 minutes."
Is it working?
Ok OK.
I've pressed it but we are still not moving.
Is there an emergency button?
"Look, you're in front!"
There's really no one else we can count on in this building!
I'm gonna have to complain to the technical service!
It's a scandal!
It's a scandal!
"calm down, shouting won't help."
We need to work out what to do.
Perhaps there is a signal here.
Have you got your phone with you?
Have you got your phone with you?
I'm not going to calm down!
I have a call with the Rabat office in less than 15 minutes.
I can't miss it.
The box depends on it.
Your salary depends on it.
Call for help!
Call someone
There's the big red button!
In the name of God!
In the name of God!
Why is it my fault?
Why is it my fault?
If you paid me more I would press more buttons for help
What if I sing you a song to calm you down?
"Right, I've pressed the big red button and nothing has happened."
nothing has happened
"Well, my phone doesn't work in the damn box!"
You need to get a better phone
"No, you're not going to sing!"
I hate singers!
My ex-husband was a singer.
He used to sing all the time.
We could never concentrate at home.
Or sleep.
He even sang in his sleep.
can you imagine!
I don't know why I'm telling you this.
Get us out of here!
Get us out of here!
OK OK.
It is moving now and here is floor two.
"You will get to your meeting on time, but not with me."
I've had enough of you.
I quit!
"Hello Sami, how are you today?"
"Hello Sami, how are you today?"
How is your arthritis?
"The weather is so good, I hope it's not too bad!"
"Ah, hello, I'm glad to see you, it's been so long!"
"Unfortunately, the moisture is playing tricks on me"
and my arthritis makes me suffer terribly
Hopefully it will go away soon
"That's sweet, but you know what it's like at my age"
You'll never guess who I ran into at the mosque last Saturday - Driss!
He reminded me of that party we had last year
how lovely it was to sit outside then
"Yes, we're all no chickens anymore"
"Dear Imane, how has he been all this time?"
Did he finally take the time to sign up for the Gym?
He seems to be doing well
though you know what happened with his wife last year
he's being very brave
I haven't heard about the plans for the match?!
How unfortunate!
I think he should have been in the seminars for kids while he's still in town
But maybe you should also sign up for these activities?
"Hahaha, I don't need seminars to teach me!"
"But I'm sorry, I'm going to have to leave you now"
I must get home in time to prepare lunch or I'll get those fainting spells again
But it's been lovely to see you!
You must come visit me soon
It was good to see you too!
I hope I can come and see you soon.
And I hope you get a respite from the arthritis!
Ugh I'm fed up of nature
All it does is give me a blocked nose and insect bites
If you like nature it's hard to escape insect bites
"But why the clogged nose, you're allergic to something: Flowers, trees...?"
I appear to be allergic to most things these days.
But nature just seems to keep following me everywhere!
We'd have to do a test.
We'd have to do a test.
"Maybe you're allergic to animal hairs, too."
But this doesn't tell us where we are.
Do you have any idea where to go?
No idea whatsoever.
Just get us anywhere it doesn't itch anymore!
"We could try to find a pond, but I bet we'd get eaten alive by mosquitos."
"No, I don't think we should aim at the pond."
We'd have to get out of the forest quickly.
Why don't we scream?
Or maybe we could just get back to ourselves?
Do you have a loud voice?
Or a megaphone that could help us?
Or a megaphone that could help us?
"Yes, I could use my beautiful voice."
I didn't think to take my megaphone.
Sorry.
"I have a lot of water, though."
Do you have your phone with you?
Let's try Google Maps?
Please let's not.
I'm idealogically opposed to Google and any other institute trying to use us to get more data!
We could just wander aimlessly and hope we find our way back.
I have a vacuum cleaner that uses that very technique to clean the flat!
"No, it's a joke."
We should never have left the roads.
"Besides, I think that's what triggers an allergic reaction."
Or these are the six little pistachio macaroons you took from the snack bar.
You saw me take them?
I thought I was being subtle...
"No, I saw the whole thing."
Do you know how to direct yourself by the position of the sun?
Not me.
I may still pull out my phone and use Google
but if I've understood this is going to start a new allergy attack.!
"Ok, ok."
You can use Google Maps...
This is not good timing!
An elevator failure is never the time!
No don't do that.
I'd actually rather present my pitch directly to you.
What do you want us to do?
Even if it's a bad time
Yes.
I was going to suggest that you retired immediately.
Please don't take this the wrong way.
I'm not taking this the wrong way
but I don't know how to pull out of an elevator down
You make and design elevators but this one breaks every day
It's a disgrace.
Our office is on the four hundredth floor and I have to take the stairs every day
That.
I just thought you'd like the chance to defend yourself
Is it getting hot in here?
I think you're very aggressive.
Let's try to find a solution.
Or do you want to take advantage of the situation to have a good time together and without aggression?
What sort of good time did you have in mind?
I have always had a thing for people in authority
Uh... it depends on you...
I'm very open minded.
"Open-minded, perhaps, but in a very confined space."
I'd prefer a stubborn spirit in an open space.
An alcoholic spirit?
Perhaps we could get a drink together?
"Well, I feel like there's a bar in the elevator."
"Oh yes, there is."
Let's get plastered.
I don't know how we're gonna get out
Good luck with the meeting
Good luck with the meeting
That's it.
The elevator's down again.
The elevator's down again.
"I think you should, as a boss, do something to make these blackouts stop!"
I'm afraid there's very little I can do
"I've spoken to the council, but they just blame the weather."
"The masters, always the same."
I don't think it's a matter of time.
"More money, don't you think?"
The system is so antiquated.
It can't cope with the heat
It would cost millions
That's just it
"If the system is old and outdated, it's security issues for your employees, right?"
It deserves to spend millions of dollars to protect us
We are just a small business
I have very little leverage
Perhaps you could take a pay cut to help pay?
"Oh, my God, you're really something."
It's up to us to pay for the repairs with our salaries!
Amazing.
You should start screaming with me to call 911.
Calm down.
All I'm asking for is half of your salary for the next twenty years
Otherwise you'll have to use the stairs
I don't see any drawbacks to use the stairs
"But you're gonna have to do the same, you guys, do the same thing."
You look like you could do with using the stairs a bit more
I have many lazy employees
It's possible
There are also many of our leaders who are fat and skinny on borrowed stairs!
I once won Mr Universe
I'm an adonis
"Modest and proud of it, obviously."
"Ah, that's it"
The door opens
"Goodbye, you cheap bastard!"
Let's see if they prefer white or brown bread
Oh you took both?
"I suggest we give this group some white, and brown to this other group"
I heard that the bread was bad for the ducks
Now we can compare the efficiency of white bread and the black bread on these ducks
This is gonna be interesting
"Yes, that is a conspiracy spread by firms that produce crackers and biscuits"
They want to feed the ducks with cookies?
"It's stupid, it's too fat and too salty."
And a lot of conservatives
At least the bread is healthy!
"It is empty calories, which makes the ducks fat and more likely to sink."
"It could make a lot of fat, though."
"Anyway, they seem to like two types of bread"
Yes maybe some kale and broccoli would be better for them
"Here, the little ducklings are coming!"
I'm not even sure I know what the ducks are eating
Early in the season all of the mating pairs still have lots of ducklings
"Yeah, it's kind of cute."
I'm a little disappointed
at the moment they seem to digest the bread perfectly
The main challenge in feeding ducks lies in throwing the bread to different places so that even the smaller ducks get some too
But even among adults there seems to be dominant and dominant
"Look at this one, every time he goes for the piece of bread to steal from his rightful recipient"
Are we allowed to fish here?
There's a fisherman there.
"Yes, the more aggressive ducks get more food"
they are better able to dominate the others
There are fishermen wading in the river as well
but they need to watch out for the turtles
Are there turtles?
I like turtles a lot!
And swans are very aggressive this time of year
Everyone likes turtles!
I like their little alien heads and their wet skin of old men!
The pigeons also come later and eat the bread crumbs that are dropped on the river bank
"When I was little, I hated my cousin, in the country, who sometimes put turtles on her back."
I thought it was totally mean and free
And I put them on their feet each time
And of course the hawks come for the pigeons
"Yeah, it's the food chain."
"However, I doubt that the hawks are interested in turtles"
Sometimes they are lucky and get a small dog or cat instead
That's for the day of the party!
"Well, the ducks are still here."
They want more bread
Is there any left?
Ducks are very patient creatures
Of course
We throw them all that's left?
There are always some crumbs at the bottom of the bag
I'm really tired today... so I say we stay by the pool!
Oh come on
Do you really want to waste the entire holiday here?
We might as well have gone to our pool.
Oh please can we do something else
A hike perhaps?
"Honestly, I'd rather stay with my mother in peace"
you know very well she can't walk that much
"Ok, fine."
We can do something that your mother can do as well then
How about the beach?
She can read her book under a parasol and we can build sand castles!
"Why not, but I'm still enjoying the pool."
Don't you want to do some laps?
"Yeah, but it gets boring"
I've already done a couple of hundred laps today
If I do any more I'm going to start going really barmy.
And I keep bumping into people swimming slowly
A little drink by the bar perhaps?
Or a lolly?
Maybe later.
I'll watch you do your laps
But I don't want to do laps.
"I want to build sand castles, eat lollies, go on a hike."
Anything but stay by the pool.
What do you usually do on holiday?
"I read, I rest, I go out for a drink... and you?"
"I build sand castles eat lollies and go for walks, as I said."
"Well, would you prefer to go to the bar to get a drink?"
In about an hour?
Or I could get you something if you want
I just don't like staying still
I'll pay if you like
Ah!
Will you get us some drinks?
"Yes, anything to get away from this poolside for five minutes"
What do you want?
I'm pretty sure they have just about everything here
"Get me a coffee, please!"
"If you want, you can take a ride with the dog, too."
"It'll make him feel better, and it'll make him happy."
True.
He looks a bit bored too
One coffee coming up!
Sugar?
Milk...?
"A coffee with sugar, thank you"
Ask my mother to get something for her too!
"Ok, one coffee, two vodka shots and a Martini coming up"
I'll be back in a minute
I'm not sure those ducks will love our old bread
It should soften quite quickly in the water
Although I do hear bread isn't very good for ducks
They like peas apparently
They don't like bread?
What did you bring for them?
Not peas anyway!
I never thought about it
Peas and green vegetables are better for them
I think the bread sinks and creates a messy pond - so I hear anyway
There are signs up saying not to give them bread
I love coming here though as it's very peaceful
Watching the ducks is very soothing
"Well, I'm not giving any more bread"
"Yes, I also like this pond with the ducks and the swans."
Do you come here often to relax?
"I work from home, so it's nice to go out for a few hours otherwise I don't see anyone all day."
I come here often to read
"Look at the ducks, pretty girls too... what do you do for work?"
I'm a writer.
I'm writing a book about cats at the moment
What do you do?
On cats?
"I love animals, but I'm allergic to polite animals"
"Otherwise, I'm a jazz musician."
"Yes, I love all kinds of animals too"
"as I live in an apartment, it would be cruel to own one as they wouldn't have access to the outdoors"
Ah jazz musician
What instruments do you play?
I play the saxophone
I think it's an instrument with a wonderful sound
Sometimes the trumpet
"I have to go, but where do you play?"
Maybe I could come along to hear you play
"Give me your e-mail, I'll send you the ad for our next gig"
Help!
"I'm lost in the forest, I don't know what happened"
What was the last thing you remember?
How did we end up here?
"Don't worry, I've ended up here too"
I was going to pick mushrooms in a corner that I know very well
I walked away a little bit
"when I turned around, I didn't recognize anything"
What have you done?
I was smoking by my favourite tree and then all of a sudden I'm here with you
And my head's a bit funny
Did you eat any of those mushrooms?
They're poisoned!
"I'm making a magic potion, but I'm not telling you what to do!"
Well I should hope not
Nobody tells me what to do
"Although if you're making a magic potion, I have to say that I would be very interested in trying some."
I might even have some ingredients you could add
"Oh, yeah?"
What ingredients?
Because it's a recipe for ancient magic potion with a mystery ingredient
"Well, I'll give you that ingredient"
I'm sorry.
I'm not sure I understand what you mean
A little bit of both.
Laughing cow in English
A grilled cheese made in Vosges.
You seem very knowledgeable about it.
And does it have hallucinogenic effects then?
Is that why it's so popular?
"Yes, that's exactly what it is!"
But there are still many ingredients in this potion
This morning it's gonna be intense!
We need to start preparing for the wedding!
Tell me what you'd like me to do first.
What's the menu?
We have a plan
We have a plan
A puff of vegetables
With white wine
That sounds nice
Are we have canapes?
And dessert.
How many people is it for?
"Yes, it'll be for the cocktail."
"There's salmon, caviar, and foie."
You mean how many guests?
Yes
I think they'll be a hundred and twenty.
Right I'll get going.
I'll see if we've had a delivery of the food.
"All right, I'll continue to make dessert at the time."
The fois gras is missing.
Can we substitute it with duck?
What dessert are you making?
"No, you don't!"
Are you serious?
"Oh, my God."
"Oh, my God."
"Oh, my God."
"We can actually try to replace it with duck magret, I guess"
Sorry.
I'm trying to do my best.
"Oh, don't worry, it's not your fault!"
I wonder what could have happened
Ouch!
I've cut myself.
I think I need a plaster.
But you cut your finger!
We have to go to the emergency room!
"I'm afraid of blood, I'm going to faint"
"Oh, my God, I don't feel well."
I'm gonna throw up
The day isn't going so well
Let's cancel the wedding
I see you're resourceful
That's exactly what we're gonna do
You call the bride and groom?
A trip to the beach it is!
"Hi, honey, how was your day?"
It was so awful I don't know where to start!
"Firstly, the car broke down"
and it was pouring with rain so I got wet running for the train
The train was full so I had to stand all the way in to town
So eventually I arrived late for work
My boss is not happy
My boss is not happy
My boss is not happy
I don't get it
You dropped out of our car to catch the train?
And the train being full you went on foot?
I understand you were late for work
Ah ok
The car broke down so I had to leave it at the side of the road
I had to go to work by train
"There were no seats on the train, but I could stand up"
Does that make sense?
"Anyway, how was your day?"
I don't understand what happened to you.
"Me, my day has been excellent."
But how did you get home?
You left the car at work?
"No, the car is at the garage being mended"
I think it is going to be expensive to fix
I'm glad you had a good day
"apart from that little transport problem, how are your relations with your boss?"
That's still the main problem
Well he was fine about it once I'd explained what had happened
"I have to make the time up tomorrow, so I'll be late home from work"
We have tickets to go to the theatre tomorrow too!
Your boss invites you to the theater?
I'm not sure I agree
"No, we have tickets darling"
it might mean we are a bit late as I have to work late
You and I are going to the theatre.
Right.
I'm hungry and it's now too late to cook
Shall we go out to dinner?
I love the theater.
Which play will be played?
"I'm hungry, too, we can go to the restaurant if you want."
Wonderful!
Let's go to dinner and chat more then
"So, it's my birthday next week, and I'd like to throw a big party!"
I love parties!
What are you planning on doing?
A big one or just a couple of friends?
"I'm not sure, but a big party with all my friends"
my place it's not big enough
can I rent a room or book a bar?
"You could, although you'll have to hurry before it's too late"
I'll help you if you like.
Thank you very much!
It's probably too late to rent a room
"Do you know a nice bar nearby, and mostly big enough?"
Yeah sure.
There's The King's head.
"It's more of a pub than a bar, but you should be able to book a space"
"And the bartender's an idiot, so you could always hire him as a jester!"
Only kidding... but they do allow you to bring your own entertainment if you want
"Thank you, that's great advice!"
"I just called them, they said yes!"
"So we have the back room, it's big enough, starting from 7:00."
So that's your alcohol sorted.
What do you think about the entertainment idea?
"I know a man who knows a man who knows a busker, who might be able to come along and play a bit of guitar."
I'd like to bring Chikhat in... do you think the bartender would accept?
Ha ha ha!
"Seriously, you're right about the musicians."
I have a friend who's in a music group
I have a friend who's in a music group
I'm going to ask him to come out and play a little!
Are they any good?
I can't think of anything worse than a rubbish band playing all night
No offense to your friend...
"Uh, they just started out, actually, they're a little beginner..."
"Actually it's an experimental group, they combine a lot of music styles!"
"They play the accordion, the banjo, the drum and the recorder!"
Do you think it might spoil the evening?
"Nah, should be alright."
"I'm a massive fan of the banjo, so it should be a blast!"
I'm really looking forward to it now!
Thank God!
Thank God!
Now all we have to do is send out the invitations.
"You'll be the first to receive the invitation, of course."
I'm gonna go and buy a brand new dress to wear!
We absolutely need to go shopping!
"Excuse me, are you all right?"
"No, I'm not."
I'm on an aeroplane and I am very scared.
Is this the first time you've been on a plane?
I'm a frequent flyer.
I take the plane too often.
"But you're still afraid of flying, though you're a regular?"
That's surprising!
Did you have a bad experience?
The person next to me was sick
"Oh, no, I'm fine, thank you"
"I have a rather pale complexion, that's all."
You're the one who seems to be really stressed.
"Don't worry, everything's going to be fine."
You look more green than pale.
"If you're right, I hope it's nothing serious."
But maybe it's the lighting in here.
"But if I start having problems of digestion, I have a simple solution:"
I'm also afraid of flight.
It's not natural.
Can I hold your hand please?
"Mind you, whiskey is perfect for stress, too."
Uh... if you want.
If I have any more alcohol I may be sick on you.
Would you like a whiskey?
No thank you.
Just the hand please.
"But I'm gonna get a Coke, though."
"Now we've taken off, I'm going to get off."
All the best.
"Oh, God, they only have Jack Daniels."
Why don't they have Scottish whiskey?
It's not the same thing!
"Oh yes, we've finally landed."
"All right, good day to you."
Have a safe onward journey
"For tonight's meal, we're waiting for 10 people"
I suggest to think together on the menu.
Do you mean there are ten customers or are they late?
"There will be ten clients, who booked for tonight, at twenty o'clock."
Oh I understand now!
"Anas, you arrived late again this morning!"
What shall we cook?
That's the question.
I understand there was a movie star
Are any of them vegetarian or even vegan?
Then we must not disappoint them.
Which movie star is coming?
Do you think I could get them to autograph a napkin?
I hear he's very nice.
Maybe we can get an autograph at the end.
I think my favourite film was Forrest Gump.
And I don't think he's a vegetarian.
Well when he was on that island in Castaway he must have eaten meat!
We could schedule a meeting.
We're just going to get the scallops.
"We'll get the edible part, and cut it into thin slices."
Perhaps we could use them as a starter and then do a meat dish.
Then marinate in lemon juice.
I think it can make a nice entrance.
"Yeah, it's a good idea to put on a meat plate!"
You got any ideas?
What about roast breast of pigeon with beetroot?
You mean blackberries?
Or a blackberry pie to finish?
I mean a blackberry sauce to go with the pigeon.
"It's a good idea, original, which will probably enjoy our living."
What about dessert?
Maybe we could make a lemon pie?
Or chocolate macaroons?
I'm glad you like my ideas.
I got them from watching Masterchef on television.
I like lemon pie.
Perhaps with Chantilly cream?
"I watch that show, too!"
It's good to see you.
It's been a long time
Good to see you too!
Sorry I haven't visited him in so long.
I've just come back from my holiday
Are you coming back from vacation?
Where did you go this year?
I have a few walks around the nursing home.
"Yes, I have just returned from my honeymoon in Chefchaouen"
"That's great, have you made any friends here yet?"
Fabulous!
What have you done?
"Sea-fishing, boat walks...?"
"If not, yes, I made a few friends here with whom I speak music, literature, not to forget chess parties!"
"We explored the volcanoes on the island, lay on the beach and enjoyed the sunsets."
I'd like to visit Hawaii.
And where are you going to live now?
Do you still have your math teacher position?
"I'm thinking to live in Dakhla for the rest of my life, it was a life changing experience"
"I was really moved by the Gnawa dancing, and have become pretty good at it."
For now I am living with my brother
I want to quit math teaching and dance full time
Going from teaching of mathematics to dance is original!
But you told me you went on a honeymoon!
What does your husband do?
Yes my honeymoon has changed my life
He's a scuba diver camera man
So He would also love to move there
It was lovely seeing you again
I have to meet another friend on the first floor now
Have a lovely rest of your evening
"Hey, how was your day?"
"Hey, I had a terrible day at the office."
Tell me
I accidentally transferred 1 billion to the wrong customer account!
My boss was so angry with me.
She told me that if we cannot get the money back then I'll need to find the 1 billion euros myself.
Isn't there another way?
"If we cannot get the money back, can you give me 1 billion to pay back to the company?"
But we don't have it!
Isn't it possible to get a lawyer?
"Yes, I think you're right."
We should get a lawyer and explain that this was a mistake
But what if the lawyer can't help us
maybe we should ask a sorcerer to help us to cast a spell on my boss
Do you know any good sorcerers?
Not in particular.
But we'll probably find some in the forest
I don't like going into the woods
Could you go for me and find the best sorcerer for less than 1 billion euros?
Are you stupid?
Are you stupid?
Are you crazy?
Are you crazy?
Pay even more?
What if it doesn't work?
I said for less than 1 billion not more than 1 billion
Where will I get a billion euros?
My parents won't lend me that kind of money.
OK then we will need to steal the money from the bank.
I'm going to bed.
We'll think about it tomorrow.
"OK, I'm sorry for all the stress"
So Ali how are you settling in at the company?
I'm very happy to join the group.
It's a great opportunity for me.
How are you today?
How are you today?
I'm very fed up about being stuck in this lift!
I have a very important meeting to attend.
What are you supposed to be doing??
Have you found any new plans for our program?
"Yes, I think we should press the emergency call button."
"But, I don't think it's working right now."
No I am thinking of ditching it.
I have some plans of my own.
Maybe we should knock on doors and make noise?
Absolutely!
Great idea!
Let's stamp our feet and shout loudly.
I hear noise.
I think the co-workers called the police.
"In the meantime, we could talk about our future plans."
Thank goodness for that!
Where will you go when we finally get out of here?
I have precisely the plans I have to show you tomorrow
Do you wish to see them?
"After the elevator, I have to go to my office to print new cards."
"What about you, boss?"
I have my very important meeting to attend if they can rescue us soon!
I hear people outside!
"Yes, they should be here any minute"
Who are you receiving?
"This afternoon, who do you have an appointment with?"
I am meeting with the chairman
I think he wants to talk about my promotion
Good date
We're blocked
And I was supposed to go to an important meeting
At least that means that somebody might wonder where you are and come looking
This lift often breaks and the alarm bell does not work
"Hopefully, we'll soon find out there's something unusual going on."
"And yourself, what department do you work for?"
"I work in the trading department, mostly for crude oil"
Ocassionally we will trade products too
You make the market for what kind of oil
And why do you want to exchange our products?
You have to sell them instead!
Also when we have surplus we will sell to someone else directly or exchange for a more timely delivery
It is a strange business
It is a strange business
Sorry I am starting to get claustrophobic
It's normal to have a little stress in a volume as small as the elevator
Take a deep breath and you'll feel better
The paramedics will be here any minute
"I hope so, it is getting worse"
I was stuck in a lift for four hours when I was a child
"Oh, yes, I understand."
"Childhood memories always remain in memory, especially if they're unpleasant!"
I am starting to sweat as I remember
I hope they won't be long finding us
Last time I was on my own
My parents just thought I had gone off in a strop
"Living this kind of experience alone, especially child, is not very pleasant."
But I hear noises
"Courage, help is coming!"
Thank goodness
"Hey, Caroline, don't you get bored a bit here?"
I'm ok actually
I'm just enjoying the beautiful weather and the calm breeze
What else could you ask for?
I'd like to go for a walk
I'd like to go for a walk
But aren't you tired?
We had a huge lunch...
"Exactly, the boardwalk's good for the digestion!"
I find that sleeping can be quite efficient too!
Why are you so keen to go for a walk?
that's not very original
there's a little forest road right next to it
I wouldn't mind if you brought me back something cool to drink
But I quite like being here thanks.
It's too shady in the forest for my liking
Then I'll leave you and I'll meet you at the end of the afternoon
Wait!
Will you get me something from the shop round the corner?
Pretty please!
"Oh, hello Simo how are you?"
You look well!
You look well!
Hello Aziz.
Thank you for coming to see me
I am doing well other than my sore back
"Please, it's always nice to see you, you know."
I read that it's bad for the you
I wish it didn't last a century!
That's very kind.
How was your journey?
Are you still okay here?
I hope it settles soon as it keeps me awake sometimes
I am quite happy here and the staff are friendly but sometimes I don't like the food
I understand your back hurts and I'm sorry!
I hope it calms down quickly
The staff seems very pleasant indeed
I saw your brother yesterday!
As long as I keep moving it should get better
Oh where did you see my brother?
"We met on the street, it was fun!"
He was talking to a friend while walking his dog
Did he give you any messages for me?
He asked me to say hello and tell you he'll be here by Tuesday if he can
That's good news
I really look forward to his visits
How far do you live from him?
He must have been near his friend's house
I didn't ask him for details
you know how your brother likes to be discreet about his life
The last he came to visit he brought me some delicious chocolates
I am looking forward to hearing about his trip to France
Good evening
I'll have a coffee
I'll have a coffee
With a few olives and sausage rings if possible
"Certainly, sir."
"Certainly, sir."
One coffee coming up
"Here you are, and your olives, but I'm sorry we don't have any sausages"
You don't have a sausage?
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
I'm surprised you know the caipirinha
This is not very common in Europe
Where did you learn to do that?
I have been a bartender for a few years
I've worked in a lot of different places
I also did some training while working in a famous bar in London
It's a hell of a experience
Which country did you go to?
Which country did you go to?
What's your favorite aperitif?
"I've spent time in France, Germany and South America"
I don't have a favourite aperitif myself
"I don't drink much at all, really only at special occasions where I like a glass of champagne"
"Yes, an orange juice is always, everywhere, an excellent aperitif"
You've traveled a lot!
Which country did you enjoy the most?
"South America was really interesting, different from home"
I did some travelling and there was so much to see
"Yes, a lot to see in South America"
"Have you been able to go to Argentina, or see the ruins?"
Which ruins?
There were a few
I hope you still could have gone to Machu Picchu
You bring back memories of these South American countries?
So you've been there yourself?
I'm sure
I brought in some very beautiful stones
Are you interested in mineralogy?
I've met some gold-diggers in my time there
"but other than that, it's not something I know anything about"
Good evening
So how was your day?
My day sucked
How was yours?
Mine was fine
As scheduled.
As I scheduled.
But you had a difficult meeting
The main problem was that I couldn't find a place to eat
"I was starved, and you know how hangry I get... I walked around for, like, an hour"
"One place after the other was closed, closed, CLOSED."
"But, tell me about your day."
Being a little hangry is not like starving to death in Syria
"We have to be aware of what the real problems are, and aren't"
You mean after your meeting
you tried to isolate yourself to eat but couldn't find a quiet room
Bad luck.
Bad luck.
Bad luck.
you really need to calm down!
"True, true."
How was your day?
My day has been quiet
A good productive meeting this morning
and this afternoon I was able to finish my report
Have you managed to calm down for lunch?
"Other than that, my day was actually pretty good"
I spent most of the day writing something that I wanted to work on
Ah.
And what did you write about?
Lunch was fine
I had a bowl of chirashi!
"I wrote about ... hmm, what did I write about--I'm getting too old to remember anything"
I wrote about the kinds of information that needs to be recorded
How about you?
what was your meeting about?
what was your meeting about?
what was your report about?
what was your report about?
"Who was at the meeting, and did everyone behave themselves?"
What's a bowl of chirashi?
I've never had it
I've never had it
The meeting was pretty good
There must be some trouble
It's a bit heavy to wear
But we made it
Anything interesting on the news?
No more than that.
You know that takes time
What about your side?
The usual criminals in the White House.
Trump being a stupid guy.
Trump being an idiot.
Same thing
"OK, I must run out to the store and pick up some coffee."
I'll be back soon
do you want me to pick up anything?
But who's stupid?
The president of the US?
Yes--by definition.
You should read the book: Immigrants
this is just a theory
It's a philosopher's take on what exactly an book is
why they are as they are
why they so infuriate us
It was written in 2010
in other words
in other words
long before the current hell
and he talks about Lyoussfi at some length
"OK, I'm outta here"
Back in a bit.
Why do we learn about History?
"But mademoiselle, history is a very important discipline."
It allows you to understand the present and prepare the future as a student of the past.
And then it's part of the general culture of all educated people.
Not knowing where the story is come from
Why does school not teach us more about the negatives of debt
looking after our mental health
Every teacher specializes in a discipline
I agree with you that certain subjects are not treated enough
But the story is very important.
he needs to understand what democracy is
the cultural identity of his country
"And it doesn't fascinate you, ancient civilizations?"
The birth of writing?
Yes I suppose it is very interesting
but it does not feel very relevant to the present
"Yes, it is"
History often repeats itself
History often repeats itself
Studying the consequences of decisions that were taken in the past allows you to understand what the right decisions to make today!
Let's take an example
After the first world war
the winners have decided to ask for some very high repairs in Germany
It meant a fortune
"It ruined the German economy, and drove indirectly into World War II."
"After the second world war, the winners understood because of what it was that we didn't have to make the same mistake again."
And they built Europe instead
And now we've lived in peace for 70 years in Europe
That is true.
Do you think that one day in the future children will not need to learn to write with a pen and just use a computer instead?
I don't think so.
"You'll always have to be able to write letters, sign documents..."
But what are you interested in?
What are the subjects that seem useful to you?
I am very passionate about looking after the planet
And making sure that we look after it
"by recycling, being mindful of the ocean and finding new sources of energy"
"Yes, they're very important subjects, you're right."
Are you planning to study in this field?
I would like to study more about the planet and how we can change our behaviour for the better
But I also really enjoy reading theatre
You might want to start looking into which schools there are cursus that might interest you.
But the environment is a very exciting and very important discipline for our future
so I encourage you in this path!
Do I need a University Degree to get a job working to change the environment?
Do I need a Degree to get a job?
Depends on what you want to do
We don't need a college degree to change his behavior daily
we need to encourage people to do the same
"But if you want to go further, for example in research or engineering, then you'll need skills and degrees that only higher studies can give you."
If we all used computers at school it would be better for the planet!
How about iPads instead of paper note books?
I think my fellow students would be very happy
You should look into it
producing computers and iPads are very polluted
replanting the trees
Why is producing cars is very polluting?
"Because today, we don't know how to produce them without polluting."
Electronic devices contain many toxic chemicals
"But you can talk to your physics teacher, if you're interested."
"I have to leave now, because the next class starts in one minute!"
See you next week!
Could you please wash your hands after touching your face
It is vital that we maintain good hygiene
I'll wash my hands right now!
What do you want us to do next for tonight's menu?
"Great, I am pleased we have cleared the ground rules"
"What is on the menu for tonight, do you remember?"
It seems to me that we should be planning an entrance with fish
"Then a dish with meat, and then dessert with red fruit."
Your are very good at inventing special dishes
What shall we do with the bream?
It is lovely and fresh
something simple I suggest
it won't detract from the flavour
"What exactly do you mean, Layla, I'm not sure I understand"
"Bream is a small white fish, slightly like sea bass I guess"
Thank you for your precision.
"Maybe we can marinate it in lemon, and with a little olive oil?"
along with some fresh vegetables
"I think if you fillet it, then fry it lightly and serve with a lemon and olive oil"
I think we could just prepare it and serve with a little seaweed as it is a starter
"Oh, yeah, that's a great idea!"
this is original!
this is original!
"There are plenty of fresh strawberries, perhaps you could start by mascerating them in sugar and some liqueur"
If you get those started
What do you think of the healthy eating initiative that the Government are getting involved in?
Maybe we could make a little lemon pie with the strawberries?
Obesity in France is not such a problem as it is in England
Do you think I am right about that?
it became a global problem
"But with good stuff, you can eat better."
Bearing that in mind I think we should leave the lemon pies and concentrate on a lighter menu
"Thanks for your suggestions today, good bye"
I'm trying to have a relaxing time here and I'd prefer not to be disturbed.
I don't want to be disturbed
I don't want anyone to disturb me
But it's already over an hour ago that we're here.
We could go to town for a while.
I've seen the town and I'm not impressed.
I'd much rather just laze here in the sun and perhaps read a chapter or two of my book.
I'm really getting into the story and I think it's going to become quite exciting soon.
"Okay, suit yourself."
What is this exciting book you're reading?
A detective novel?
It's a kind of detective novel.
The main character is a genealogist
he is trying to make sense of a family story about smugglers
That sounds like a curious story to me.
I'm gonna go get my science fiction book.
That's better.
Would you like a drink?
Gosh!
I thought you weren't going to ask.
I'd love an Fanta
Just as a matter of interest
why is a science fiction book better?
I find many of them just too far fetched to be believable.
I suppose it takes all day!
Because the history of the first men who come to Mars and find traces of a very old civilisation
it's much more interesting than your history of genealogist and treasure
As I said
My book is partly based on facts
It imagines things that might have happened to a real smuggling gang
it incorporates some recent discoveries
As far as I understand it
there is very little likelihood of an old civilisation occurring on Mars
at least not a form of life we'd recognise
there's a poor atmosphere and little water
The probability of finding ruins on Mars is indeed small
I'll give you that
That says I don't hate crime novels
Agatha Christie's for example
Have you read it?
I have read some of Agatha Christie's novels.
I'm not a great fan because they are rather boring.
What I do find fascinating about her is the question of her marriage
what she did when she disappeared
some people thought that she had committed suicide
"Well, I'll give you 15 more minutes with your genealogist."
Then we'll go to lunch.
Good morning!
You've seen all those ducks!
"I see you feed them, too... what is it?"
let me think about it
They really like eating frozen peas
"But you defrost them before, right?"
Do they like other things?
"Yes, it's better to defrost them first."
"I think they like vegetation, but I'm not too sure what else"
Do you know if there is a cafe close by to here?
Wait...
But it's not close and I don't know if it's open on Sunday.
We have to go a little longer along the pond and then roll up the river for a hundred meters.
Then there's this round-point and you won't be able to miss it.
I recommend the fish and chips.
Even though I think their peas are frozen as well!
"Ah, okay."
Do you know what it's called.
I like fish and chips
it's a very English dish!
Duck with orange sauce is a favourite of mine too.
What's your favourite dish?
"I think it's called Tagine, but I'm not sure"
"I like fish and chips a lot, but I don't eat much meat."
I prefer vegetables and fish.
Ducks - I prefer them in the pond than on my plate!
So you're a pescatorian?
Ah ah ah... in a way yes!
"But now that I think about it, I think that coffee makes it even better."
"I don't know if it's any good, you should try it!"
Okay I will.
Are you a good cook?
All this talk of food is making me hungry
"Yes, I understand!"
Good evening!
What do you have on the pressure?
On the pressure?
i don't follow.
I am pretty stressed out with work at the moment.
I am pretty stressed out right now
is that what you mean?
"No, I just wanted to ask what beers do you have"
"If you have wine, I'll be fine, too."
oh!
sorry!
i's is quite bitter but very refreshing
i wouldn't recommend the meat
"after all, we are beer specialists"
Perfect!
I like a lot of bitter beer
Could you pour me a pint?
Then I'll have a whole liter!
What do you have to eat?
What do you have to eat?
What do you have to eat?
What do you have to eat?
"remember, drink responsibly."
let's eat
let's eat
let's eat
let me see
let me see
let me see
you're going to need something hearty to soak up all that beer
it looks like you going to be having quite a big night tonight
I'm still in charge!
I'll take a cab.
how about our burger platter
sound good?
Perfect!
a selection of 30 miniature burgers
each with it's own unique cheese and meat combo
But I don't like onions
But I don't like onions
Do you have a burger without onions?
I don't want to be difficult
we can do all of our burgers without onions if you prefer
"30 burgers, hold the onions."
i'll put the order through
"as we say, the customer is always right."
"as we say, the customer is always right."
"Put on a lot of cheese, especially!"
I'm gonna need a lot of water to pass all those potatoes
Bring me another one soon.
"Good morning, Doctor"
"Now, tell me."
What's been going on?
I need to talk to you
Can I sit in this chair?
"No, that's mine."
But you can sit anywhere else.
"Or if you prefer, you can lie down there"
Some people prefer that.
Can I lie on this couch?
Can I lie on this couch?
I don't want to bother you
he looks clean and new
I'm kind of worried about sitting on it
I don't want to ruin it
I think it would make me feel better to stand
Would you like me to take my shoes off?
Notice how bad my feet feel
I don't know too much what would be best
"Calm down, please."
Please don't worry
Aren't you hot?
Please just make yourself at home
But there's no need to panic
"So, if you're feeling comfortable, what's been going on?"
I think my neighbors think I want to hurt them
So I'm afraid to stay at home and try to make the least noise
But it's tiring
"I don't belong anywhere, you know."
I'm sure there's somewhere you fit in.
Have you always felt like this?
But I think it's getting harder for me in time
"Plus, my new neighbors are weird."
They always look at me with a strange look
I think they're listening to what I'm doing through the walls
Do you listen to them through the walls too?
"Oh, no, I'd be too afraid if they found out I was listening"
But I still hear them
The walls aren't that thick
That's why I feel like I'm watching
But I don't have the money to move into a house
"Oh, so you live in a flat at the moment?"
"Yes, I did, didn't I tell you earlier?"
I'm sorry.
Maybe you did
No worries.
But you never had problems with the old neighbours then?
She was an old person who didn't hear anything and make no noise
I didn't feel at home
"Well, that will give us a good basis to start with next time"
I'm afraid our time is up for today
I've got lots of other patients to see
And a date this lunchtime!
Please sign out at reception when you leave
"Okay, thanks for your time, I'm sorry I bothered you"
And I'm sorry I'm always sorry...
I'm sorry
"Good morning, ma'am."
I'm having a hard time understanding the odds
It's too complicated for me that's done only literature so far!
"Help me, please!"
"Well, I am an English teacher, so I'm not sure I'll be much help..."
Do you not like Mr Jameson?
"He's your maths teacher, right?"
I would understand
he can sometimes come across as a bit intimidating
Start by telling me what you understand
I know you're an English teacher
but Mr. Hossam is a bully!
"All he does is put us down, and remind us that he's intellectually superior"
I can't take it anymore
I'm not the only one
"Besides, he keeps harassing my friends"
Oh dear
Maybe we need to have a proper discussion about that at some point
Have you contacted anybody about that?
There is a school counsellor on site every Tuesday
That's the thing
That's the thing
They're plotting together in order not to let any of the information escape
Just talking to you puts me in grave danger
Just talking to you could put me in danger
I really didn't know it was this serious
"Don't worry, we'll do something about it"
And never be too scared to talk out about it
How long has it been going on?
How long has it been going on?
How long has it been going on?
It's been going on since we dared to tell him his course was going too fast
He's got too much ego and can't stand a contradiction
"Since he's friends with the councilman, he's getting revenge"
"However, now that he's aware of his power, he also goes after my friends because they're girls"
Now they hate me because they think it's my fault
my dear
This really does sound serious
I'm going to have to organise a meeting to discuss this
This needs to be sorted out quickly
I'll talk to the head and see what we can do to investigate
I'll let you know
I'll let you know
I'll let you know
I'll let you know
"And don't worry, I'll do it quickly!"
Thank you so much!
I hope he can rot in jail for the rest of his life
he'll be eaten by rats
"So Douaa, how are you today?"
"So, so, but much better than yesterday, thank you"
How are those lovely grandchildren of yours?
Three is it now or am I miscounting!
"Oh, good!"
It's just all these little pains
it doesn't make life easy!
My grandkids are fine
"the last one, Chihab's daughter"
my second daughter
she just made her first steps!
As a parent you're not supposed to have favourites
but Jmiaa has been such a lovely daughter
I'm guessing her child is just as beautiful as she is
Did you bring in any photographs?
"Pains, don't talk to me about pains"
I can barely walk these days
"Ah, how I understand you!"
"It's true that Marion was always the little girl of everyone... kind of like your Oliver, wasn't she?"
I don't have any pictures with me
"You know, the technology and I..."
my kids gave me a tablet
but I don't know what to do with it!
"For your arthritis, fortunately, you're here, right?"
The staff seems very caring
Yanis gave me a tablet in my birthday
I use it for watching TV and reading books
He showed me how it works
but if I get stuck the girls in here will always help me
They are very kind
"Ah, you must be cleverer than me then!"
"My children often show me how to turn it on and even how to write e-mails, but..."
"With my poor head, it's too difficult!"
Young people go so fast!
Everything has to go fast for them...
"Loubna spent ages showing me how to switch it on, charge it up, how to send emails"
"Watching YouTube, listening to the radio, they're easy"
I have to get someone to download the books for me
You should really try it
you can set the font size so it's much easier for our old eyes to read the print
"Well, if you say so, I'll hold on!"
"Still, we live in crazy, crazy times!"
It's all happening so fast!
At last!
"My dear Ihssan, I'm going to have to leave you"
I have an appointment at the rheumatologist at 3:00!
By the time we get there
as always
it's been a pleasure to see you
Good luck and do come and visit me again soon
Next time bring those photographs
"oh, and if you can carry them some grapes"
a box of milk chocolates and the Sunday newspapers
Love to the family
"go on, tell me what happened"
why do you look so down in the dumps?
I was fine until you saw your head
I can't stand you anymore
wow
I was not expecting that
what did I do?
You've seen how you talk to me
you're not even able to say good night
I demand mutual respect in a marriage
With you it's always a one-way street
you get on my nerves and I realize I'll be way better away from you
how long have you been feeling like this?
Why do I get the impression this is the first time you've mentioned anything going wrong between us?
I'm like Louis in the children of Heaven
when he tells Chouaib he needs a change of air
You remember that beautiful scene
we saw it in French
I have no idea what you're talking about
I have no idea what you're talking about
"But, i'm going to go with you on this one"
I'll assume that it has just slipped my mind
"so, yeah, sure, i remember your stupid film"
it probably sucked
and that's why I can't remember it
i never liked french movies anyway
they're so introspective and boring
bunch of self-centred people
"The exact term Atmosphera, not Air, but it's the same"
I asphyxiate on your side
"You're primitive, stupid, unable to grow up"
"At your age, living in a world of Manga and cartoons, pathetic"
I need intellectual stimulation
he needs emotional stimulation
not to live next to a retarded and pimply-faced geek who thinks only of his video games and its Manga
I did a typo
At your age living in a world of Manga and cartoons are pathetic
well look at you
how about you get off your intellectual high-horse and get back to reality for a bit
it's thanks to my manga business that i can pay for your stupid art classes
it's where you go off for days to your art fairs
the only people who buy your crappy paintings
that's because they feel pity for you
just like your mother did when she bought your first portrai
if that's what you can even call it
it was better than anything you could ever do
I need a real man who can take care of his partner
You're already handicapped by the dimension
And don't add to it
look who's talking
you make me sick
I tried to hear you out
but you just came at me
I'm through with you
enjoy life
It's Julie!
I was calling you about my birthday
"You know, Saturday's my party"
you offered to help me with the organization
"Actually, I'd like that"
"Actually, I'd like that"
It's turning into a hell of a party!
What time do you want me to come over?
"if we could have a date two hours before, it wouldn't be bad"
"And the drinks, too"
"Either inside, or in the garden, depends on time"
It could depend a bit on the weather
Do you know what the forecast is?
Shall I bring those lovely balloons with me?
"Balloons, yes, why not!"
"Weather changes every day, it's hard to predict"
People always like that
But I could really use some help wearing it and set it up
Have you been drinking already?
it would be great
There are a few sailors coming along
Shall I bring some red or white wine?
Or both?
Both!
"If there are sailors, there's gonna be a wide range of the drinks"
Do you think we're gonna need a book?
Beer is a must for sailors
We don't want to upset them and cause a mutiny
I love sailors...
But we're gonna have to blackmail them
"Are they in the merchant navy, or are they some pirates?"
Pirates are the best
I love sailors too
We could blackmail them into singing
"There's one I know with lots of tattoos, a patch on his eye, and a parrot on his shoulder"
Maybe he is a pirate?
And we'll dance!
"In fact, it gives me a lot of ideas about decorating and costumes!"
You'll have to introduce me
He has a parrot?
I prefer parrots with tattoos
"Well, I'm gonna take a look at the decorations and call you back before the party"
Thanks for your help!
"And if you ever get any ideas, don't hesitate to call me back"
I gotta go!
"Are you okay, honey?"
"Are you okay, honey?"
You don't look like you're in a good mood
You would not believe the day I've had
You would not believe the day I've had
I never want to go back to work again!
Everything that could go wrong went wrong
I mean I even got my hair stuck in the photocopier!
"Oh, you poor thing"
"Somebody came to rescue me, thankfully"
everything seemed to go wrong today...
I even managed to spill coffee over my boss
Who wasn't very happy
I mean it wasn't really my fault...
Ouch!
This is the kind of day we would've preferred not to get up in the morning
Would a little massage do you good?
Or a good beer?
Ah yes please!
"For the massage, not for the beer"
Though I wouldn't mind some of the good rum
Okay for a massage and a rum
And what did your boss say?
He was mad at you?
He was mad at you?
After he'd finished flapping his arms around
he did say something not particularly nice
something about his new shirt
Well he couldn't really have fired me for that
in front of the entire office
"It's okay, with everything he wins, he'll buy another one!"
And then it can happen to anyone!
"Anyway, your boss has always been kind with you"
Isn't that a bit weird?
Isn't that a bit weird?
I mean he's twice my age
I mean he's twice my age
And that would be a bit inappropriate
Maybe that's why Aicha doesn't like me
Why do you think she doesn't love you?
Aren't you a little paranoid?
Allow me to point out that
you are in your fifth bottle
Is that all!
Could I also look at the food menu
as perhaps I should eat something
"Yes, eating something with mineral water is a good idea"
Here's the menu
Here's the menu
Let me try a tagine this time
with an ice cube
"Now, what shall I eat?"
Can I have a sirloin steak with french fries and a side salad?
"Sorry, we don't serve this dish till noon"
And I suggest you only take the ice cube without the whiskey
"Why, have you run out of whiskey?"
I'll have a bottle of water instead then
Can you serve peanuts before noon
I'm feeling a bit peckish?
I suggest you take a break from alcohol
It's not even noon yet and I haven't even started
I might have to take my customer elsewhere
you're not happy to serve me
"I repeat, you've already taken four naps"
Are you going to take the car on your way out?
I won't be leaving you a very good review on Tripadvisor
You call yourself a bar but won't serve me
Discriminating against alcoholics!
I'm not allowed to serve drunk clients
"I'm not drunk, I'm still standing!"
But your words are inconsistent
it's a reflection of your mental state
"I'm fine, I'll have to go now please!"
"You're still up, but I suggest you go to bed"
That will be my last word
The bar round the corner will serve me without a problem
They'll be glad to serve me
This is the first time I've been seeing a little nervous
"So, how has your week been?"
"So, how has your week been?"
I'm having trouble at work
you have a very challenging job being a librarian
What exactly has happened?
I feel like the staff aren't too many of them
"I run around all day, following orders from my boss,"
Last time I felt like I had a panic attack
I locked myself in the bathroom to cry
I don't know what to do
what can you advise me?
First of all
I think it's important that you get adequate support
speak to your manager and see if they can help you
It's a situation which is counter productive
"if you are stressed and need to take time off, it will only make the situation worse"
Hopefully your boss will be able to appreciate that
I can give you some anti depressants
Would you be happy with that?
"I could go talk to him, but I'm afraid"
he's on edge right now
Last time he didn't greet me very well
Send him to me - I need more clients!
He didn't greet you well?
What exactly did he do?
"Haha, that would be an idea"
Maybe he's gonna cry in the bathroom every once in a while
We should do group therapy
He didn't give me time to explain my situation
he threw me out of his office with more work than before!
I would report him to someone higher up the chain
"He may be suffering himself, but bullying you needs reporting"
"My goodness, your work environment doesn't sound very happy and uplifting"
Perhaps someone is going around putting drugs in your food
Are your catering department reliable?
"I must admit, when I taste the meals we serve, I ask questions..."
"Besides, there's no time to take a nap from the workload, it's a scandal!"
It sounds rather suspicious to me
It sounds rather suspicious to me
"If you could sneak out from there some small food samples, I can send them away to get tested"
"You can taste it, but I'm warning you, it's terrible"
"Don't worry, I wouldn't taste it myself"
"If my suspicions are correct, to do so, would mean coming down with depression"
I can't take time off and I like being happy
"Anyway, lovely to see you again, and we'll speak again when you get the samples"
Goodbye!
"Thank you for your help, Doctor"
It was a pleasure talking to you today!
It's a lovely day for feeding ducks
"That's true, but I like to come here even when it rains"
"After all, ducks eat every day!"
Do you come here often?
My first time at this particular pond
Are you new to the neighborhood?
Are you new to the neighborhood?
"No, I am just passing through"
I have a few hours to spare before catching my train
"Oh, where are you going?"
where are you going?
Just on the way to casa
The funny thing is I have no idea where I am now
We're in the Alan Turing Foundation
"For me, it's especially the closest park in my house"
"And since he's got a pond and some ducks, I come here a lot"
I like donkeys a lot
How did Alan Turing find the park?
I suppose he just looked around and there it was
lucky for me I had some bread in my bag
the ducks would have gone home with empty stomachs
I'll have some more if you want
I always bring too much
"And there's a lot of kids, sometimes grown-ups"
they're happy that I give them some bread to throw
No that is alright
I can hear my train whistle blwoing so I should run
Nice talking to you
How nice to see you!
What a pleasure to meet you
What a pleasure to meet you
What a pleasure to meet you
I'm as well as can be expected
I've got my aches and pains but at 93 I can't grumble
How are you and the children?
They must be growing up fast
It's hard sometimes to get old
And 93 is an age beyond honor and you always have a good eye
"The kids are fine, thank you"
They're almost grown now
Paul's studying architecture
That's marvellous
And what about Emma?
She had a talent for music if I remember
Emma's a senior scientist in high school
She's graduating this year
She goes on with the music and part of a symphony orchestra
That's good to hear that she has kept the music up and will have a good career
I miss playing the piano
We don't have one here
the only music I do is Jazz
Don't you have a chance to get a loan from a charity?
I know there's a lot of people working with the nursing homes
Don't you ever perform with musicians?
Just the weekly song?
I don't know about loans
A piano is a big thing
Terrible songs and my terrible singing
He could certainly put you in touch with a charity
Is it so bad the songs?
What are they?
From what era?
I think I heard the bell for the evening meal
Will you stay for some food or do you have to leave now?
We don't plan on staying for dinner
I hope I can come back soon
we can arrange for me to stay for dinner with you
Thank you so much for coming to see me
Thank you so much for coming to see me
it means so much to me to keep in touch
I hope you can come again soon
"It was very nice to meet you, too"
I'll be back
I'll be back
I'll be back
Maybe next week
These unfortunate ducks are very thin
Have you got bread to give?
I have a few slices
It's been a hard winter for them and I don't think they've had very much to eat
They've started to build their nests
they will need some fat on them for when they are sitting on eggs
"Hey, you seem to know these dogs"
Where did you learn all this?
I'm a keen ornithologist
I spend weekends studying birds and looking for rare species
I see you're a specialist!
I also like to walk around and listen to birds
but I don't know anything about it
What rare species are you looking for?
Nightingales are quite rare
They sing beautifully
"But when it comes to birdsong, I love the cheeky sound of the blackbird"
I don't think you can beat waking up to the noisy sound of the birds
You've travelled in distant countries to see and listen to some very rare species?
"Yes, I was in Sri Lanka recently and saw some wonderful birds and animals"
Have you travelled much?
"Yes, very much"
especially in South America where there are extraordinary animals in the Amazon forest
Did you get a chance to get there?
There's some amazing birds in Brazil
"No, I would love to go to South America and particularly Brazil"
It would be incredible to see a Toucan in the wild
I need to save up enough money to go there
"Yes, a trip to South America would be expensive"
I'd like to go to Argentina and see the condors
I've heard that Argentina is a beautiful country too with stunning landscapes
It's a country I know very little about
I will have to do some research
I will have to do some research
We have to go south to Fire Nation
Chile too is a beautiful country
You'll find more animals there than those cats!
"Hello, I am great thank you"
How are you doing today?
It's a good time to feed the animals
Why is that?
Because they are hungry
They look hungry
They look hungry
What shall we give them to eat?
I have heard that bread is not the best for them
I have heard that meat is not the best for them
what do you think?
He believes that giving cats bread is not good for them
Better give them carrots
The carrots might sink before they have a chance to eat them!
It doesn't float carrots?
"If we reach out, maybe they'll come for lunch."
"At worst, they'll go down"
Hopefully they won't sink while eating
that would be a sad lunchtime for them
Maybe we could try and hit them?
If we make horse noises they might come over!
Shall we try?
Let's try
come over here we have something to eat
He came over
she came over
they came over
He took the carrot from your hand!
before he leaves
too late
too late
He got scared
He got scared
All he left was feathers on the way out
Maybe he'll get caressed next time
We should go home
We should go back home
"Good evening, my friend"
"Good evening, my friend"
How are you this evening?
I've got terrible flatulence my friend
The food here is terrible!
"Oh, my poor old man"
I brought you a bottle of wine
no one saw anything
"Here, I'll hide it for you"
Thanks but aren't you going to have some with me?
It's up to you
It's up to you
You can keep it for yourself
we can drink from two
or we can also invite the nurse that I ran into when I came in
She's all right!
"Yes, it's fine"
Most of the old folks in here don't know what day it is and wouldn't notice anyway!
I know which nurse you mean
she gave me a nice massage earlier!
Massage?
"Did you pay her for that, or do you think she likes you?"
"Yes, the nurses gives us massages all the time"
I get most of them though
The nurses seem to be queueing up!
She wouldn't take any money from me
She says her services are free but I'm not sure what she means?
"Hmm, that's nice, but a little weird, isn't it?"
"I mean, whatever!"
What matters is that there's a pretty nurse like that giving you massages
"So, shall we open this bottle of wine?"
"Yes, let's get it opened"
I've got two nice wine glasses in my bedside cabinet
I've also got some playing cards here
Shall we invite one or two of the others and we can all play poker?
That's a good idea
"You want me to knock on doors, or do you have specific people in mind?"
"Anybody, Just make sure you avoid door number 6"
"The lady in there is bonkers, and hurls abuse at everybody!"
"All right, I'll look for people and I'll be right back!"
I'll be right back
I'll be right back
I am worried about my mother
Tell me about your mother
Why are you worried about her?
Well I am more worried about what she makes me do!
Oh?
What's she doing to you?
I never seem to get any time on my own
She is always there
She tells you all the time what to do and how to do it?
"Well, no not really, but it's like she is watching me"
And you feel like she's on trial?
More like me being on trial
and I think she follows me
Is she following you?
"In town, everywhere?"
Not everywhere but yesterday I was in a coffee shop and I saw her at the door
When I looked up she was gone!
Are you sure it was her?
To be truthful...
I am not sure anyone was there
Who were you spying on?
Why do you think I was spying?
"No, no, I was asking you who was spying on the door"
It was a woman in a black coat carrying an umbrella
She had long blonde hair tied in a bun
And your mother looks like that?
sort off... it is like the photos of her as a young woman
"But it probably wasn't her, then, was it?"
What did you have to do with your mother when you were a child?
That's what I meant about not being sure anyone was there
I used to have a photo of her pinned on the wall next to my bed
I used to cry a lot
I used to cry a lot
I remember that
Did she take care of you much?
When she was at home yes
but I remember her being away from home a lot
Did you miss her when she was far away?
but I don't think she was that far away
"Unfortunately, our time is up, it's time for my next patient"
"Unfortunately, another time"
"You'll be back next week, same time, same time?"
Thank you doctor
yes I think my mother is waiting for me
Good night
"Hey, you, did you just get in the neighborhood?"
This is the first time I've seen you
Sorry
"But I don't like being addressed as 'Hey, you'"
How was I to know what table to sit at?
I'll sit at the bar
If that's allowed?
"Oh, you've got character!"
Don't get upset!
Don't get upset!
Can I get you something?
Can I get you something?
I think we got off to a bad start
I'm not upset
Your tone seemed unwelcoming
I'll have a red wine and yes I'm waiting for a friend
Any more questions?
I'm sorry I didn't want to rush you
Is there a wine that is particularly local?
You might be better off at the back table over there?
"It's kind of cozy, a little away from the rest of the customers"
"We only have local beer, wine comes from Bordeaux"
Ah I understand now
When you said regular table I thought I was sitting at another customer's regular table
Can I have a beer?
Can I have a beer?
"Yes, you see, there are 12 and come every day at 2:00"
"They are real drunks, I suggest you step away"
"Sure, I'll bring the beer"
I see what you mean now
Thanks
Your friend doesn't seem to be here
Do you want me to keep you company?
Do you want me to keep you company?
Oh that's very kind of you
She'll not be long
Let me introduce myself
My name's Esther
What's yours?
My name is Mathilde
Do you live around here?
It's rare to see any new faces
Sorry got to go
See you tomorrow
"Okay, I'll see you tomorrow!"
"Good morning, Maria!"
So so
The leg's playing up a bit
And the nurses keep disturbing me every time I nod off
You can never get any peace around here!
"It's true, they spend their time bothering us"
She's moving objects in the rooms
"She tells us to go here, do that, pfft"
Who's that?
I can't see very well anymore
Why is there a woman in my room?
And you shouldn't be complaining!
"You get to stay at home and live you life, while I'm stuck in here"
I was kidding!
I was kidding!
I was just kidding!
They're doing it for your own good
For my own good?!
"That's it, that's it!"
You've been talking about me behind my back
"They've turned you against me, I know it!"
"Come on, come on, you know I would never do that!"
Tell me about your day
What did you eat?
You have been talking to the nurses
They've been trying to get me to eat all day
Except I'm too smart for them
I know they're trying to poison me
So I've kept a little stash of sweets here under my pillow
That way I'll never starve
"Stop talking nonsense, they would never do that"
"It's spring, how about a way out in the park?"
We could arrange this for a weekend of May
"I'll ask Marcel, Jeannine and Leon if they want to come"
I'm not friends with Jeannine anymore
She keeps stealing my crossword
"Too bad, we'll do it without them!"
Hello there
"Very well thanks, and you?"
How do you think you are getting on with your Maths exam revision?
"I'm fine, thank you very much"
"I'm not sure, actually"
I'm having a little trouble understanding the differential equations
"Can you help me, please?"
What exactly are you struggling to understand?
"Unfortunately, I didn't understand the last sentence, can you rephrase that?"
Of course
which concepts are you needing assistance with?
I need an explanation about derivatives
I'm having trouble understanding the principle
No problem
is it differentiation or integration you're needing help with the principle of?
Is it okay that the exam will cover all of the concepts that you saw in the second semester?
"Yes, everything in Term 2 will be assessed in full"
Is there anything further I can help with today?
My next lesson starts shortly so I don't have much more time unfortunately
"No problem, that's a lot"
Thank you for your time
"No problem, enjoy the rest of your evening!"
"Hey, let's go swimming"
Nah
Nah
I'm fine here thanks
But you could get me a drink if you like
"Okay, but only if you drop your book"
Why?
What's wrong with me reading?
Am I bothering you?
Am I bothering you?
I can't see how... Why don't you join me?
join me
No problem!
You're just too lazy with this great weather
"Come on, let's go"
Why can't we just stay here a bit?
I'm making the most of the sun right here
You should do the same
"Oh, no, we'll spend all our time in the sun."
Oh yes!
I'd rather go out and enjoy the water and freshen up
Come with me!
"It'll do you good, you'll see"
Plus I have a frisbee!
It'll be fun!
It'll be fun!
But we need more people to play proper frisbee
Otherwise it's just like throwing a plate back and forth
Haha
Show me how you do it
I don't want you to be ashamed of yourself right now!
Why would I be ashamed?
I know that I'm pretty good
I don't need to prove it!
Bring me a team of people and I'll play
And a cocktail
Please
I don't think you're gonna make it up to him
"So a long island for ma'am, and I'm going to look for Sasha and Daniel, don't move!"
Only once I've finished my drink!
I always play better after a little drink!
It's not too early for a cocktail is it?
It depends on the client
"If you want one, I'll do it."
"Otherwise, I don't."
It's up to you to decide what's best for you
to a certain extent
"Oh, ok"
Well I could have one then
Do you have a menu?
Are there any specials?
Would you like an orange juice?
We have some special plates
It's very good with a mojito
I'm not that hungry actually
I'm not that hungry actually
But what do you mean by a piece of it?
It's a blackboard
"Ok, I think I understand sort of"
"But no thanks, just a nice tea"
"Anything with hot water, although I'm not a fan of mint."
In a nice glass with a straw if you have one!
No mint?
Would you like a punch?
The recipe is made of orange juice and grenadine
"Ah I'm not sure I know what bawlo is, but why not!"
Could you ask some pineapple instead of the grenadine perhaps?
"Anything else, you decide!"
and perhaps a bit of coconut milk if you have some
"Don't worry, I'll do it right now."
And a beautiful umbrella!
A board for eating at the same time?
I can do that to you
Do you have any preferences?
"Hmm, I wasn't that hungry"
But perhaps some chips would be good
No sauce though
"I like them lite, with a bit of salt!"
And why not a burger and a salad too!
"I meant plain for the chips, sorry"
Good in general I serve chips with this cocktail
Is that all right?
The hamburger will be here later
"Ok, I'll have the fish and chips for starter and I'll get the burger later!"
I hope there'll be enough room for dessert afterwards!
"You do want desserts, don't you?"
"Yes, we make desserts."
A very nice mango soup if you're still hungry after your meal.
"In the meantime, here's your number"
We call you when the cocktails are ready
Thanks!
"I might be getting some shots later too, once my friends arrive!"
Don't hesitate to come back
"Good night, anyway!"
Thanks again!
Good evening!
"May I have a caipirinha, please?"
Sorry I am new here
I really don't know my cocktails yet
Could you tell me how to make it
"You have to mix it with with lime juice, sugar and ice"
"Ok, shaken or stirred?"
"Do you want crisps, nuts or anything to nibble?"
"Shaken, I guess"
"Crisps would be fine, I'm starving"
I haven't eaten anything all day
Here is the menu
Here is the menu
We do some great bar snacks
"Ah, I thought it was free with the glass"
Or you could have something else
I don't have much money on me
I don't have much money on me
The crisps in this little bowl come with your drink
"Okay, thank you very much"
Maybe you could have chosen a cheaper drink!
But then you're a new waitress
I come here often and I've never seen you?
"Yes, I am definitely new here but as you are a regular you know how expensive the cocktails are here"
You need to look after yourself and eat first before drinking
Not that it is my business
Not that it is my business
"Hey, you're not my mother!"
it reminds me of my travels in Brazil
I was only a bit concerned as you said you were so hungry and did not prioritise eating
When did you go there?
When did you go there?
I would love to travel there
I worked there for six months as a waitress
I worked there for six months as a waitress
It was last year
I didn't know what to do after graduation
Do you speak the language?
was it brilliant?
"Yes, a little, but it gets forgotten"
I forgot about it
Linguists are funny
Have I got the right date?
Saturday 11 June?
Is that right?
It is going to be a lot of fun
"Yeah, you have the right date, I'll confirm it"
Can you bring a couple of bottles of champagne?
I think it is probably better if you ask friends to bring a bottle
As I am your good friend I can tell you directly
I don't think it is a good idea to ask for expensive champagne
You may make people feel uneasy
I can help you with lots of the other organising
"Decorations, food, music and anything else"
"Take cheap ingredients, it's only a birthday, not the reception of an amp"
Your birthday is important but I agree you don't have to spend a lot to make a great party
"Sorry, I mean Ambassador"
What sort of music were you thinking of?
Do you have anything to play it on that would be loud enough?
Or do you have any friends who could play instruments?
I have a few friends who play folk type instruments like the violin
Maybe you would like that before rock music
The first one to come with a bagpipe will be sent directly back to Scotland
"It's my birthday, not a funeral"
Let's just stay rock
I won't share with my lovely musical friends your opinion!!
"That's why they're your friends, not mine"
I was thinking of my french bagpipe playing friends
they play lovely french dance music
You could be open minded!!
If you heard good alternative music you might like it
Maybe when it is my party you can come and enjoy something new
That's why I'm listening to the good English pop rock
no French music
"I don't like Breton, all that moving slowly around in a line or circle - very dull"
"But it's supposed to be my birthday, not your party"
I demand the right to choose the music that I love at my birthday
"I know, it's my party I can cry if I want to"
when I have a party for my birthday you may enjoy some different type of music
pop will be great
It is your choice after all
I don't know it
I don't know it
you can play it to me if you want
but it's forbidden to cry at my parties
except for joy
I was only being humourous
I was only being humourous
I was only being humourous
"It is a song by Lesley Gore from the 1960's, you should listen to it on youtube"
Send me the link
Send me the link
I will do tomorrow
What about food?
Have you had any thoughts?
Let's keep it simple
"Hi, is this the first time you've been on a plane?"
Do I feel a little nervous?
"No, it's not my first time flying, but I still get extremely anxious"
I don't know why
And why are you traveling today?
I'm visiting my daughter who I've not seen for a good while
I'm very excited to see her
Are you on business?
"No, I'm on vacation"
You must be really happy to see your daughter
It's six months since I've seen her
I have my case loaded with all the things she likes to eat
and some toiletries she likes too
She's gonna be really happy
What's good for him?
Cheese? Chocolate?
and i've got her the soap she likes
My bag is really heavy
Will she pick you up at the airport on arrival?
Yes hopefully
although she said she might be late
because she will be travelling through rush hour
The plan is to get a taxi to her appartment
What are you planning to do on your holiday?
Taxi sounds like a good idea!
"On my side, I plan on joining friends who live there"
The point is mostly to see them
to take advantage of the city and everything she can offer
thank you for talking to me and settling my nerves
Have a wonderful holiday!
"Have a good trip, too"
Enjoy your daughter!
"They say that flying is the safest form of transport, you know!"
You shouldn't worry so much
"Oh, I know"
"But you know, being a little stressed out on planes is not a rational thing"
There's something really unnatural about an object so big and heavy can be suspended
10 miles above the ground
"Well, imagine when space travel becomes commercialised"
That's going to be a bit of a shock for you isn't it!
"Oh, yeah, tell me about it"
"But at the same time, being away from the earth, without gravity, it's different"
"We're not going to fall apart, since there's not really up and down"
"No, in space, actually, it's more like a submarine"
The spaceship has to be solid
"cause if there's a hole in the hull, we'll probably be dead soon"
Like a submarine
It's absurd
but I think I'd be less afraid
"Well, can you not force yourself to be rational about it?"
Being in space is worse than being here now
Are you really still scared after what you just said?
"Yes, absolutely"
It's not really fear
More like some kind of stress
"But you're not nervous about it, are you?"
Even when there's turbulence?
"No, it's like a rollercoaster"
It's amazing!
And they have amazing service
I love it when they give free food!
Especially when there's turbulence and all the tea and coffee goes everywhere!
That's really hilarious
"I'll give you that, it's fun"
But it's also awfully stressful for people like me
"Ah, don't worry"
"That should make you feel a bit better, surely!"
We'll see
We'll see
"Thank you for your support, anyway"
have you made a guest list for the party?
Are there particular people you want to invite?
"Well, it depends on where we set it up"
"If we are doing this at my house, I can not invite over 15 people"
Why not?
I know you dont have much space
parties go better when everyone is squashed together
Or are you worried about the neighbours?
We can invite them
"That's true, we could"
"Plus, the third neighbor is really pretty good"
Have you seen her before?
"Ah yes, she would be good fun"
just drinks and snacks?
Providing a lot of food makes it all more complicated
"We could even ask people to come with stuff, right?"
"Drink or food, by the way"
"Good idea, that makes it all much easier and more relaxing"
Do you have enough plates and galsses?
Maybe get some ice from there too
"We can buy plastic plates, it's easier, right?"
Same with the drinks
We can schedule basic stuff like chips
I hate plastic plates
I'd much rather have proper ones even if it means more work clearing up
I don't mind doing that
"Is there going to be a theme, or should people just bring whatever they like?"
Then we'll make sure we don't starve to death
"Okay, plates"
"No, there's no need to complicate things with a theme"
Do we have vegetarians amongst our friends?
Its always good to have some meat free dishes anyway
vegetarians can just avoid the ones with meat
"But vegans, well, I think if there is someone else it would be better"
"Well, you know, we'll take care of the raw vegetables"
like everyone else
"All right, look, I think we're all gone"
I'll think about the guest list
"I have to leave you for now, but thank you for all your advice"
You're welcome!
"Good morning, ma'am"
"Lie down, I'm listening"
Do I have to lie down?
I'd prefer to just sit
I'm feeling a little bit apprehensive about this
What are you worried about?
"Oh, you know everything"
I don't know where to begin
Then let's start with simple questions
I don't know what you mean
I don't know what you mean
I'm not worried about talking to you
I'm worried about... I seem to worry about everything
My job
My husband
My children
It's all very overwhelming
And I talk too much
Thank you for talking
It's important that I test your concern
If you're not worried in my office
it's a good thing you're not afraid to talk about yourself
It's a big step!
Do you know how long you've been feeling all these concerns?
It started this year
When I was offered promotion
I turned it down
What do you think you're afraid of?
Responsibility?
Fear of failure?
I hate my job but I don't want to leave it
Um... how exactly do you manifest your fears?
I have difficulty sleeping
I lose things
I forget stuff
Um... sorry what was the question?
"Well, the subject seems serious to me"
So I suggest we meet once a week for six months
"For today, that'll be $150"
Make it twice a week and double your fee
Nice talking to you
I feel better already
This is very inconvenient!
"Oh, no, that's not possible!"
I have to go pick up my kids in five minutes
I have to tell the school that I'm gonna be late
Never mind your kids
what about my meeting with our new clients
They'll be arriving in 3 minutes!
Is this a very important appointment for you?
Of course it is
do you have a phone?
"If you send a message to the secretary, she'll warn them"
There is a problem with that
The secretary is ill today
Think again
I pay you to think
we need solution
"Ah, you want me to lend you my phone?"
but we do not want the clients to know we are stuck in the lift do we?
"Oh, yes, of course"
What are you going to tell them?
Could you say you're getting back from Los Angeles and your plane's been delayed?
"I could call them, make them think I'm your secretary"
you asked me to warn them
Good idea
now you are thinking
With our company name being XX we cannot possibly let them know that we are stuck in our own lift
"I'll call them right away, so what's the number?"
Oh no!
"It's on my computer, which is in my office"
this just gets worse and worse
this just gets worse and worse
this just gets worse and worse
there's only one thing for it
We have got to get out of here!
give me your phone
I got my laptop in my backpack
like I said
I was gonna pick up my kids from school
I thought I'd work tonight at home
"We're gonna find their phones in my computer, don't worry."
"Here it is, I'll give it to you."
In the meantime
In the meantime
I'll call the school and let them know I'm gonna be a little late
Thank you
Your phone is very low in battery
have you charged it up recently?
it has just run out of battery
We have no way of communicating with anyone
"Ah, that's getting really disturbing"
I hope the paramedics get here.
Don't panic
Don't panic
Don't panic
we're not injured!
Why don't we just press the alarm button
why didn't you think of that before?
I pay you to think!
I believe this forest path leads us to a dead end
Have you been here before?
It's problematic
"No, I don't know the area."
Do you think we should go back?
"Yes, I think it would be prudent to retrace our steps"
How long have we walked on this path?
That's a good idea
What time is it now?
Do you have your phone or watch?
"Yes, I have a watch."
My phone is dead.
It's 8:00 already
it's getting dark
Do you have any dinner?
Do you have an idea of how long it took us to reach this point in the forest?
I believe it's been four hours since we walked on this path
I have some biscuits in my rucksack
We had better move fast
The problem is the light
We may lose ourselves or trip over an obstacle and hurt us
"Yes, we must hurry."
Let's be careful in our steps
And on your side
Four hours?
Luckily I have my phone on me
we had better alert our families
we should tell them about our problem
"Great, at least send a text to warn them."
We can use the torch in my phone
"this is my phone, not yours"
is that your phone
"no, that's Naima's phone"
"Yes, but let's save it"
Do you have any warm clothes?
Good idea
We had better get a move on
"With the night falling, it might get cold fast enough now."
Only a jacket and a scarf
Let's try to walk a little faster to warm ourselves.
I think I still have some hot water in my bag
Would you like some tea or coffee?
I would love some tea but we better not stop
"All right, we'll take it later."
"Good morning ma'am, come in and sit down if you wish"
I'm feeling a bit nervous to be honest
It's normal
just relax and find out everything's going well
Where do we start?
"The best part is, you tell me why you wanted to come."
But you can also talk to me about something else
I feel overwhelmed by everything happening at the moment
It's as you wish
Can you tell me more?
Work is stressful
My husband doesn't understand how stressful my job is
Did you tell her that?
He says that if I don't like my job then change it
I work as a project manager for a big corporate company
He's unemployed at the moment
he isn't making much effort to get a new job
His situation doesn't make him put himself in your position
because they have to spend some relaxing days
"He's resting a lot on you, obviously."
And I guess he's a little bored during the day
he would like to find you available at night
Yes and I'm bringing in the money
I can't afford to change jobs at the moment or be unemployed
I get in from work and still have to cook.
Do you have any suggestions as to how I talk to him about this?
You could talk to him about your feelings
tell him you're tired and you need his help
give him a reason to do it
"Hello, this is the first time I've seen you here!"
Oh really!
That's funny
I've been coming here for a while
It's lovely here
"Yes, it's very nice."
I try to give more to the ducks and swans than these greedy seagulls
Careful!
Careful!
Careful!
Don't fall in
"Thank you, I tripped!"
"I wanted to see the ducks again, they're so cute!"
Is that your dog?
He's lovely
"His name is Fetna, it's a long story"
I like to walk around here
have you ever been in the woods nearby?
Oh I never go near the woods
Tell me about Fatna
It's not a name I've ever heard before
"It's quite simple, actually"
"She was born on the day of the holiday and so we agreed to call her Fetna, as in the calendar"
"It's silly, but it made us laugh with my parents"
It's silly
It's a good thing they didn't process their kids' names
Because you'd be called Lent or something
I am a bit of a heathen
I don't know anything about holy days or religious events
Sorry
"Imagine being born on the day of Saint Ignatius, or Ascension Day"
Ha ha!
No I see what you mean now
"Oh look, is that a Heron over there"
How beautiful!
I must take a picture of it
Don't get too close!
It's a really nice place
Do you live far from here?
"Wait, I have to catch my dog"
I have to go
I live over there
Oh look I can't wait till you catch him
Might see you tomorrow
what kind of butter?
And what vegetables do we serve these fish?
We'll have a garlic butter
I'd rather go home
"Well as you asked about vegetables, I only gave my choice of vegetables, not other accompaniaments"
I don't think pasta and fish go well together
we all have different preferences
What do you think about potatoes?
"No, no potatoes with a fish, depending on my taste"
"What do you think, sir?"
Vegetable it is
The customer can always add a side order if they wish
Now can you start prepping the potatoes
that seems a lot
What's the wine?
A white or a rosé?
Now what for dessert?
I suggest a light dessert
Maybe something lemony?
Lemon tart perhaps?
a light dessert sounds like a good idea
Either a lemon pie or a pineapple
Both my favourites
Which do you prefer?
I'll let you choose as you'll be the one making it
It's hard to choose
"Personally, I will do pineapple slices with Armagnac"
Shall I make you a hot chocolate?
Everything will seem better after a nice warm drink
"That's sweet, but I prefer coffee"
With sugar but the ideal would be a caipirinha!
Oh dear!
It must have been a really tough day
Would you like to talk about it?
What went on at work in the end?
Did you manage to meet the deadline?
"Yes, very hard day"
We have lost an important contract and we don't understand why
Did they not explain why?
No explanations at all?
"Yes, of course we had some explaining to do"
"We don't, according to them, responded to all their technical requirements"
"Besides, we were too expensive"
Whose job was it to negotiate the contract?
Surely there's some way to lower the prices a bit?
Let us go do some archery
It was really good fun yesterday
I am sure you would enjoy it!
"Uhhhh, archery?"
It's quite original
Can we do this close?
I've never done this before
You what?
"Sorry, I didn't catch what you said "
"Yeah, I'm asking if we can shoot the archery nearby"
"Oh yeah, just over there behind the tennis courts"
There are about 10 lanes and a couple of instructors
Archery is a pretty tiring sport
I'd rather stay by the pool
I'd rather stay by the pool
That's so boring
"Oh come on, I've had enough of getting burnt in the sun and doing crosswords"
"If you don't like archery, how about rock climbing?"
"Wait, that's quite tiring too"
What do you suggest
other than staying by the pool of course!
I look great in climbing
Where is it in the area the possibility of making this sport?
You can see them from here
it's not very high
it's not very high
but they have different levels of difficulty
so it's fun for the all the family
so they say!
so they say!
"Okay, but is there a guide to help us?"
"Yeah, there should be someone there"
At least somebody who can get us kitted out
"It's pretty safe, I'm sure"
So are you up for it?
I'd like to try climbing
but I'm wondering if it wouldn't be better to stay here quietly by the pool
But you always want to stay quietly by the pool whenever we're on holiday
I actually thought I'd managed to convince you for once!
Are you going to say the same thing tomorrow?
Maybe tomorrow I'll have a little more courage to go rock climbing with you
"Or, we could go now, while you haven't had enough time to change your mind!"
"I'd like to go with you, but not today"
what the hell are you doing
Why not
all the kids have left now so they won't get in our way
We have the pool for both of us
I'll race you to the other side
I'm sure I'll win
"Come on, let's go!"
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
I want to get off
Can we get off?
"No, she'll try to get me to stay on"
But I really don't want to be on this plane
Where are you going?
You're going on vacation?
Is this about work?
My boss won't be happy
My boss won't be happy
"Yes, it's for work"
But I haven't prepared the presentation I'm meant to be doing whilst there
And I really don't trust this thing to stay up in the air
To be honest
To be honest
To be honest
I don't really trust anybody at the moment
What's the presentation?
You may have time to think about it now
I think we work really well here
"Once above the clouds, everything is calm"
there's light
it gives you ideas
And the plane is an extremely safe transport
It's the safest way to travel in the air
you're probably right
I'm not joking
I'm getting off
Wait!
They serve excellent breakfast after takeoff
Do you like onions?
is it enough to compensate for being in this prison?
It might be
It might be
What flavours do they have?
I get on a plane every week
Sometimes even a few times a week
That's really nice
And today's team is one of my favorites
They know me well
They always give me extra cakes
I'll ask them for you too
"Stay, you'll see"
it's not as bad as you think
It's very nice!
"And when you get there, you'll be proud of yourself!"
"Well, ok"
If you're very sure
I do like a good cake
"Oh, here's the hostess!"
"Christine, do you have any cake in advance for my friend?"
It is his first night here
"So, it's good?"
Although I'm a bit worried about the fact that they have ovens onboard
We took off and you didn't even notice
Look how pretty the clouds are up there!
Hello Miss could I talk to you for a few moments please?
"I'm sorry, I meant Sir!"
"Well, tell me what brings you here"
"Well, tell me what brings you here"
One of my friends is being bullied because he wears glasses
I want to help him
How does wearing glasses play a role in these brutal acts?
They tease him
they call him names like 'square eyes'
But that doesn't tell me what the glasses are doing in this case?
it's because he is different to everybody else
No-one else wears glasses
the nasty boys call him names
Maybe it's his glasses that are horrible!
"even if they are, people should be more sympathetic"
Your words seem a little consistent
I don't know what you expect from me
"Well, perhaps I need to explain"
perhaps I need to explain
I have come to speak to you because you are a teacher and other students are upsetting my friend
The reason they are cruel to him is because he wears glasses
I need your advice on how to help him
Could you give all the students some glasses?
That would be silly
Is that still stupid?
actually that might be a good solution
but I am only a child so I can't get him lenses
I will suggest that he asks his parents for them
"In fact, it all depends on the shape of the glasses"
"Yes, that might be part of the problem"
they are very ugly
For instance
if the frames are round
it may be the round form that irritates students rather than glasses themselves
I'm sorry I didn't mean to press 'send'
I wanted to say I'm thinking of him
"One question, Sandra:"
Okay
I'm aware that the problem requires a thorough reflection
we'll take the question later
I was happy to argue with you
I am impressed by the depth of what you're saying
There's a lot of ducks this year
I wonder why
did the ducks use to live in the stables?
It's just like in Charlotte's web
with all the animals living with each other
I wonder if they ever unionised against the dominant farmer upper class
sorry
I'm just being silly
I'm just being silly
how often do you come here?
I haven't seen you around before
It's true that I don't know that
the new socio-economic category
Do you think the duck migrations would be caused by socioeconomic factors?
Maybe pollution has increased?
climate change
and Trump
everything is Trump's fault nowadays
It's true for short-term decisions
come on!
come on!
anti-Trump
there's plenty of room!
there's plenty of room!
I don't support Trump at all
I'm being practical
"8 hear you, brother!"
let's fight the good fight and defend the rights of powerless people everywhere
And the bees!
I'm very worried about the disappearance of the bees
and the bees too
anything else?
what about dolphins?
they're cute and look good on posters
everyone loves dolphins
I know someone who didn't like dolphins because they don't have a mustache
That person liked cats because they had mustaches
a mustache?!
what are they?
gentlemen cats that drink cognac
Mustaches are what some men carry between the mouth and the nose
And the cats
whatever they're like
they use to run into a room
You must have special cats if they drink brandy
My cat doesn't already agree to drink soy milk
Hello
I'm glad I've found you
I've lost my way
I've lost my way
I have been walking in circles for ages
Do you know the way out of these trees?
"No, I've never been here before"
but maybe we can try moving forward in the same direction
"Yes, but which direction?"
I think I came from that way
but over there also seems familiar
Isn't the moss still supposed to grow north?
At the worst
we pick at random
we pick at random
we'll end up on people's lives
we'll end up there
I suggest that we go that way and stick closely together
The light is beginning to fade
The light is beginning to fade
we don't want to loose touch with each other
Do you have any food or drink with you?
Do you have any food or drink with you?
"Yes, I still have water in my bag"
Thirsty?
Thirsty?
I am thirsty but I was hoping for something a bit stronger that water
"Anyway, can you let me have a bit of your water?"
"Yeah, here"
"And if we stay stuck here too long, we can still try blackberries"
So what can I get you?
"I'll get you a coffee, please!"
I've got a drink here thanks
Or do you mean for you?
"A coffee lying there, that would be perfect"
With a little glass of water next to it
Ok!
With milk?
Long or short?
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
It's happy hour right now!
Without milk!
Is it 9 p.m. already?
"In that case, I'd like a little mojito"
That's a good mix!
"A coffee, some water and a mojito!"
Have you had a good day at work?
A big day
"Hence the necessary coffee, and a mojito"
Aren't any of your colleagues going to join you?
I could get you some drinks for them in the meantime
if they're coming of course
My boyfriend's coming to join me
"I think he'll have a mojito, too"
It's going to be a big night in here tonight
"No, I'm a woman...!"
It's true that my short hair can make you doubt
But I'm working as an engineer on a big site
I didn't have time to change
or take a shower after a day in the field
"Oh no, not at all!"
I think you misunderstood me
you just misunderstood me
All I said was that it's going to be busy tonight
because we have two groups coming in to celebrate
Is there going to be a party in the bar tonight?
It's going to be very lively
"Yes, there are going to be two of them!"
And don't worry about the clothes
I'm wearing something very similar myself!
How did we get here?
We have been walking in the forest for a long time
we seem to have come to a dead end
I'm cold
I'm cold
Do you know when we entered the forest?
And hungry
It's been three hours
"No, you need it, too"
I have got some biscuits
would you like some?
What do you think we should do?
What do you think we should do?
I remember when we were in front of a cabin
We should find her
Do you think we should retrace our steps?
It is not long till it will start getting dark
I agree
we should try to find the cabin
I have some water
would you like some?
You thought of everything!
Let's try to keep the water and the cookies for later
I'm not usually organised
but I remembered the basics this time
Do you have a torch?
"No, unfortunately"
"No, unfortunately"
"By the way, do you have your cell phone?"
"Well, I suppose we could use my phone as a light"
Is your phone charged up?
You had the same thoughts as me!
I don't have any battery
"And besides, we don't have a signal"
We will need to rely on my phone
Oh dear that will be a problem
We had better get to move on
Where does the sun set?
Where does the sun set?
It is setting in that direction
it must be the west!
Hi Miss Smith
can you explain how I do this piece of work please?
I don't really understand what it is I have to do
What I'm asking you
it's a team effort
with other students
You have to assemble groups of three students
And prepare a chemistry experiment
to present by oral to other students
I don't like working in a team as I end up doing all the work
and the rest of the team take the credit
I'm going to evaluate them
That's fair
That's fair
I'll chose some people I don't normally work with
How long do we have to prepare the experiment?
How long is the oral presentation?
You've got 15 days before the presentation date to get the job done
And the day of experimentation
ten minutes
twenty minutes of oral presentation with slides
I have a lot of deadlines from other teachers
Is it possible to get an extension?
It seems a little difficult
because it wouldn't be fair to the other students
Think of a very simple experience!
The goal is to teach you to work as a team
and give yourself an oral experience
How many marks is there?
Then the note is 30 points
Ten points to her
Ten points for the oral speech
And ten points on the ability to work as a team
I'd better get working
"Mis, I think the fire alarm has just gone off"
Do we need to evacuate?
It could be a fire!
It could be a fire!
Let's get out of the room quickly!
Let's get out of the room quickly!
the other professor of Chemistry
He does a lot of new experiments
but he's already turned the fire alarm off
Maybe he'll be fired!
"Hi, I m better when we get in the air"
"Why, are you afraid at the time of decolation?"
I really dont like flying at all
Is this the first time you've been on a plane?
"It's an extremely safe transport, you don't need to panic"
I've flown quite a few times
I just feel stressed at the going up and down
and obviously if there is turbulance
Planes are built so that they can resist very strong turbulence
There's nothing to worry about
I know the theory but anxiety is not always rational
I will try to switch off and not think about it
ignore me if I start over breathing
"You should try to sleep a little, it'll calm your stress"
Where would you like a glass of champagne?
"It works, too"
I think the champagne sounds more fun
I'm not one for sleeping in odd places
do you fly often?
"Yes, very often"
for my work
because I'm in charge of business
I should visit a lot of countries
"And you, for what reason do you travel?"
"family stuff, my son lives in Paris"
He comes to the UK often but his children are too little to travel much
How often do you get to see them?
What ages have your grandchildren?
What ages have your daughters?
You meant to say I dont look old enough to be a grandma!
I see them about every 3 months
"but I still dont like flying, although when I see their smiling faces it is worth my stress"
they are 3 and 5
I understand perfectly
I also have grandchildren
what do you intend to do with them in Paris?
Take them to the circus?
That is a good idea
I think I may try and sleep now after the champagne
thanks for helping me calm down
I haven't been coping very well this week
Whatever I do
I can't stop thinking about ice-cream
Wherever I go
What can I do?
Let's say together with your difficulty
Do you always think of the ice?
Or a mirror to look at?
I don't think a mirror will help
It will just remind me of my inability to resist
I constantly have ice-cream round my mouth
You see
I can't even pretend it's not happening!
So you have an irrepressible urge to eat ice cream
Are there any special circumstances
It's especially at night
My bedsheets are covered in ice-cream
It's awful
especially when the cat gets covered in it too!
Especially at night?
That's very interesting
That's very interesting
Do you dream that you eat ice cream for the night before you wake up and eat them?
even when I'm asleep
Once I even forgot to close the door
And then there was no more ice-cream to eat at all!
So you eat ice cream while you sleep?
Tell me about your childhood
Have you experienced an unhappy experience?
Repressed trauma maybe?
"Well, there was this one time when we got snowed in"
It was a really cold winter
and it snowed for four days straight
Do you think that could play a part in all this?
"Snow, ice-cream"
It's a very interesting story
Because it could indeed be the point of departure from your trauma
Do you consume white ice cream
or beige ones
I do!
My favourite is vanilla
followed by coconut
But I'll eat any flavour you give me
"Well, well, we're moving on"
I was meaning to ask
would you like some icecream?
It's currently melting in my bag
and I think we should save it before it does
Well at least I can't be fired for being late for the meeting
You'll be able to vouch for me!
Of course
Of course
But let's take a look at him
But let's take a look
the instructions are here
in case of stopping the elevator between floors
in case of stopping the elevator between floors
I push the call button
Does this happen often?
Does this happen often?
I usually take the stairs
but was feeling lazy today!
but was feeling lazy today!
"Me, too, but since I'm very busy, I took the elevator"
I regret it
I regret it
I am also waiting
my cell phone has no service
"Since we're having an unexpected moment together, explain to me what you're working on right now"
"Well, I did tell you at the meeting this morning"
But ok
I'm organising the big event in London next week
"Lots of guests, lots of speakers!"
I even have to organise catering!
I'm sure you're doing the best you can
The big event you organized last year went beautifully
Aw that's nice you remembered!
It's good to know our work is appreciated
"I mean, I've barely slept for the last couple of weeks"
Not that you work too hard
"Well, you do work us hard and everything"
We all work a lot
especially right now
to prepare for this event
I hope you can take a few days off after our meetings
and enjoy your family
Me too!
It's been a while since I've been on holiday
It's been a while since I've been on holiday
I have to say that the pay isn't great here
I've actually been thinking about changing jobs
I know I shouldn't be saying this to you though
I'll think about what you just told me
If everything goes as well this year as last year
if we earn customers
You mean a raise?
Or I could go up a pay grade perhaps?
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
who knows
I can't promise anything by myself
Decisions concerning personnel are always taken by her
But I'll offer to study your situation
"Oh wow, amazing!"
Thanks!
Who knew that lifts breaking down could be a good thing!
But I think it's very long for the paramedics to come forward
I'm going to push the call button again
Ok
I'm not sure we need them
but let's give it a go
move the elevator to floor one
move the elevator to floor one
make the door open to free us
we might even still be able to make the meeting on time!
I'm really excited about my partner
It would be great if you could help me organise it?
Sorry that should say party
I'm not sure I understand
I'm not sure I understand
What turns you on?
I'm excited about my party
I don't know the word in French
Can you help me organise it?
"Of course, I can help you organize your party!"
I'd like that
Did you have any specific ideas?
"I'd like to keep it quite small, say for around 30 people"
"Some food and wine, maybe dancing"
"Do you know anywhere I could hold it, like a bar or club?"
"I know several bars, which could very well greet 30 people"
Would you like a special atmosphere?
Somewhere not too noisy
otherwise it's difficult to hear people speak
where they would serve some good food
"It makes me think of a bar I know, who's got a lot of charm"
With a very nice musical background
And their kitchen is excellent!
That sounds great
We could go and chat with the owner and see what she can offer?
Sometimes they charge for the space for the party
it would allow you to see if the place suits you
And discuss the financial aspect
But also a menu
I would like to bring my own cake as well
And not all bars allows balloons
It's possible in this bar
then you can bring dessert!
That sounds perfect
Let's go tomorrow
Put your phone away please
it is not hygienic in the kitchen
Just get on and start prepping the vegetables for tonight
But euuuh!
No phone from Instragram
"I'm going up, but I'm keeping my phone nah!"
Look I am trying to be nice
you are having some personal issues
but please get on with your work
The garlic needs roasting
Oh lalaa!
No garlic
It gives me bad breath
"And with bad breath, impossible for me to show up in public"
I'll get the peppers ready and take a picture of them
Give me the new subscriptions!
You are not here to be a joker
You are a junior sous chef and you had better remember it
As for not liking garlic I am not interested in your likes and dislikes
I know a very good recipe for garlic soup which uses forty cloves
You can make that tomorrow
But that's not fair!
But that's not fair!
"I'm a chef in the kitchen, but I'm a PR chef!"
I refuse!
"I say, I refuse to cook garlic!"
As I said I am the boss and you will do as you are told
I am not interested in your opinions
I am not interested in your opinions
Smelling of garlic will stop you flirting with the waitresses anyway
You're cruel!
What have I done to you?
What have I done to you?
What have I done to you?
Waitresses aren't interesting
I have to earn a pair!
I'm in instargram and other social networks!
A star
A star
I'm only doing this job until I get hired!
I'm a star!
You are deluded
"Well, since you are here you will do as I say"
You are here to work
All right!
I'm going to work
I'm going to work
I'm going to work in Chanel and resign from this rotten food job!
"Honestly, using garlic doesn't suit a person of my caliber!"
"Hello, can I get you something?"
"Hello, can I get you something?"
"I've had a rubbish day, so something strong would be good!"
Do you do cocktails here?
"Yes, of course!"
What kind of alcohol do you like?
"Something sweet, and something colourful would be nice!"
I like it when there's sugar round the rim. Can you do that?
But get something to eat with it
Ok!
I'm feeling a little peckish
What would you suggest?
Our fries are delicious
And of course they're homemade!
I'll have some of those then
And I'll probably get a dessert later too
Do you know who that rowdy group is over there?
Will they be here all night?
It's a rugby team that celebrates its victory
It's likely they're staying late
"They're very noisy, but very nice"
this guy is very nice
They'll change your mind
"Hmm, I'm not sure about that"
"Hmm, I'm not sure about that"
But maybe they'll be up for a bit of karaoke later
I think so
I think so
"After a few drinks, they'll probably be ready for karaoke!"
Do you ever have a go at karaoke too?
Is it allowed?
"Yeah, we do that a lot"
It always puts a good atmosphere
But we start a little later in the evening
Probably around 9:00
I've got enough time to choose my song then!
"Although I warn you, I'm not a very good singer"
I could empty this cup in seconds probably!
"Good evening, miss"
What kind of gin do you have?
"Oh, sorry"
"There's not much light, and from the back, your long hair misled me"
"Anyway, what kind of gin do you have?"
We have Gordon's gin only
That's it?
That's it?
All others are sold out
another time
"Get me tea, please"
Are you new here?
"Yes, this is my first day in this job"
I'll get you your food
And what do you do otherwise?
Are you a student?
I am a philosopher
I need this bar tender job to help me pay my rent
This is exciting!
What's your specialty in philosophy?
I am an existentialist
but there no paid vacancies for this
so I live in a small hut in the forest with my books
and work here to pay my rent
I myself studied a bit of philosophy many years ago
But I was more interested in questions linked to consciousness
"But you can't study everything, can you?"
I greatly respect the view of Sartre
However I've come to the conclusion
like many before me
that is life's final discovery
inconsistency is part of the human condition
"Maybe, I'll have a gin as well!"
What do you mean by X?
I think a cup of tea would cheer me up
it would make me feel happier
"Please, I'll give it to you"
And get me an apple
I already finished mine
So you studied Sartre?
did you want a sandwich?
"Yeah, I guess so"
What have you got?
What have you got?
What have you got?
a mixture of any of these
"Put it all in, it'll be perfect"
Do you work here every day?
Do you work here every day?
I only work here to provide enough money for food and rent
then I disappear into the forest to consider existence
The bar owner is very kind
The bar is about to close
Good night
"Good night, and thank you for this evening!"
Mon plaisir
I'm bored
What are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do?
You can't be bored
Look at the beautiful view
There are some beautiful people to look at too
I've been watching people around the pool for two days
I've been watching people around the pool for two days
And there's no big world of interest
"Well, go and talk to someone then"
or join in the the water exercise
Have you met anyone?
Have you met anyone?
I think there will be bingo soon
"Great, a bingo"
I hope there's a chicken to win
You might want a few drinks or something
I think it's funny
it reminds me of the village party
"Oh, yes, I would"
Leave me in peace
Leave me in peace
You know how hard I usually work
"No, but it's too late now that you've offered it"
I'm ordering cocktails
"Forget your work, you've had enough sleep"
you've had enough sleep
Mojito for me please
I am definitely forgetting work
You have to change your mind
the holidays are for that
"Come on, get up, you're not drinking lying down"
We've got to get to the bar
Cool
The mojito has arrived
I got some orange juice
I'm thinking
Reasonable
Shall we see what is on the activity programme
maybe some archery or silly dancing
We could finish our drinks and investigate
Let's go investigate
I hope you were able to rest
I hope you were able to rest
See you next time
See you next time
"Oh no, I think we're lost and it's starting to get dark"
it's starting to get dark
Can you get a GPS signal on your phone to find out where we are?
where are we
"I'm out of drums, unfortunately!"
My phone is completely dead too
Did you remember to bring the map?
"I don't have the card, I lost it earlier"
We could camp here for the night and hope we can find our way in the morning when it's light
"Yeah, that's a good idea, but we don't have a tent"
Did you see a place to shelter nearby?
I think we're just going to have to build it
we hope there are no wild animals in the forest
Did you ever learn to make a fire with a flint?
"Yes, let's hope so"
Do you have any sugar?
"No, I'm afraid not"
Can you hear that noise?
It's a bit scary
I hope it's someone who has come to rescue us!
Wolf howl?
Maybe
I'm afraid I've seen a wolf or a big stray dog before
I have three boxes of matches in my left pocket
That's a bit of good news about the matches
Animals don't like fire
I can give them
they are too close
Have you got anything to give them?
I'm gonna make a fire to get them away
Would you like some tea or coffee?
I got some hot water left in my thermos
"Yes please, that would be great"
I've got some chocolate biscuits left too
although they've melted a bit in the heat
Light the fire quick!
My matches are all wet
My matches are all wet
I hear voices nearby
What a relief!
What a relief!
I didn't want to die here!
I don't want to die here!
Want to play a game?
"Not at the moment, I'm enjoying the sun and relaxing"
Not at the moment
Not at the moment
Maybe later
later
You're not gonna stand there and do nothing!
I'm too hot to do anything at the moment
Can you get me a nice cold drink with some ice please
"It's okay that you're warm, you're in the sun"
"Okay, I'll get you your drink"
You want some water?
I was thinking of something a bit more exciting
you shouldn't drink in the sun
Is it bad for me?
You might get drunk faster
it might even be dangerous to go in the pool!
I've not heard of that before
Perhaps I should eat something as well
Did you notice any food available at the bar?
"Yeah, I think there's some sandwiches"
I'll do a deal
"If you get me a sandwich, I'll play a game after"
All right!
All right!
All right!
Here's your sandwich!
Didn't you get something for yourself
you must be hungry?
you must be hungry?
"While I was making your sandwich, I got one, too"
Nice of you to ask
thanks for asking
Shall we play badminton or tennis?
It's my favorite sport
Sounds like you are good
I'll get the racquets
I'll get the racquets
I've had a terrible day
Hope the cat isn't around or I will kick it
Horrible?
But that's no reason to take it out on our cat!
First the train was late so when it came it was full and there were no seats left
Then when I apologised for being late I realised I had left my papers at home
Keep the cat out of the way!
I see
Then I realised I had got your glasses and not mine
Hope you weren't too annoyed by that
Have you been able to participate in the meeting anyway?
"Oh, yeah, I saw about the glasses"
but I didn't have to drive
so that didn't embarrass me too much
Someone said I was better than usual but I think they were just poking fun at me
You think they made fun of you?
It's not certain!
"And, as you know very well, you had to be perfect!"
"No, maybe I'm just paranoid"
But when we got in the lift my boss started to tell me this story
then the lift broke down between floors
And then the lift broke down between floors
I was stuck in the lift with my boss!
Now your're making fun of me
"Well, I think you've had a really bad day, and you're mostly in a bad mood"
While the lift was stopped he said we should use the time doing my appraisal!
I'm always in a bad mood
I'm always in a bad mood
"Sorry, I haven't asked how your day was?"
you're not always in a bad mood
"but tonight, you definitely are!"
At the same time
"after the day you've passed, that makes sense"
I had a good day
I had a good day
That's probably why I see things more serene
"I would go for a lie down to calm down a bit, but I see the cat is on the stairs"
Have you left any wine or have you finished the bottle?
leave that poor cat alone
leave that poor cat alone
take a glass of wine
Thanks I will have a big glass and try to forget about the day
What would I do without a sympathetic ear when I get home
"Hi, this is my first time flying and I have to admit that I'm a bit nervous"
Have you flown before?
I take it very often!
Almost every week for my work
"You'll see, the journey will go well, I'm sure!"
I'm quite scared in fact
What is that strange noise and shaking?
It's perfectly normal
"I was very scared, too, when I started getting on the plane ten years ago"
And I even trained to learn how to not be afraid of flying!
that's reassuring
Maybe I should order a drink
Would you like one?
It's a good idea to relax!
But I'll have a coffee instead
I got up a little early to get on the plane
I need that coffee to wake me up a bit!
I'll grab the stewardess when she passes
Would you like anything to eat with your coffee?
I could eat a croissant with coffee
"Good idea, I'll get one too"
I usually only eat croissant on special occasions
I'm a chocolatier
Flying for the first time is a bit of a special occasion
Oh wow!
What a dream job
"But since I'm a bit greedy, I tend to eat croissants often!"
"Yes, it's a fantastic job!"
Which chocolate company do you work for?
"I'm an auto contractor, and I'm working on my account."
"I'm not sure what that means, but you are definitely someone to stay in touch with!!"
I adore chocolate
"Ah, the order of eight has arrived"
"You remember the recipe, don't you?"
Oh dear!
I'm not sure I remember it
You will need to refresh my memory
It's very simple
Take a melon
cut it in two
remove the seeds
get a spoon
Put the flesh in the blender
Then what do you put in the blender?
I put in some lemon juice and a little water
Is that right?
More mint leaves
I forgot about the mint leaves.
I need to be careful not to add too many though
All you have to do is train
What do you say?
That looks perfect
Should I garnish it with anything else?
"No, no, it's no use"
"It's good like this, light, fresh!"
Send it to the gym
Next order
That's easy!
Do you want me to let you do it?
I can do that easily
I didn't quite understand that question
What do you mean by toppings?
"Presentation is important, isn't it?"
"Yeah, that's a great idea"
Do it and send it to the gym
I'm afraid that's the end of my shift now
I've learned a lot from you this evening
"Welcome back, and see you tomorrow!"
"Hi, I'm having coffee with an orange juice, please."
would you like milk with your coffee and ice in your orange juice?
No thanks no milk in my coffee and no ice in the orange juice.
Here you are
Would you like to order any food?
Our special dish today is chicken
"No, thank you"
Just coffee
Chicken pie?
It's very original
You can always change your mind!
Is that your dog that's just wandered in over there?
It seems to be looking for someone
Cream chicken?
Amazing!
"If it is yours, I'm afraid we don't allow dogs in our bar for hygiene reasons"
"Sorry, but the dog in question is not mine!"
"Hhmmmn, hold on while I put it outside"
"Poor thing, it's raining too and looks hungry"
I don't mind having a dog with us
He's probably better off with us than outside
Are you enjoying your coffee
You think your dog will like chicken pie?
I'm not sure
Your coffee's not bad
I also asked for an orange juice
"Oh yes, sorry I forgot."
"Here's your bill, it comes to 15 dhs"
"Hey, it's my birthday"
Don't you want to help me set something up?
"I said I would, didn't I?"
So here I am
What do you want me to do?
I was thinking about doing this next Saturday
Maybe a restaurant?
Oh
I thought it was today
I'm busy Saturday
That's a problem
That's a problem
"Oh, man."
"My birthday is today, but I thought there'd be more people on the weekends"
Can we reschedule for Sunday?
Well as we've not scheduled the party yet we don't have to reschedule it
We can just invite people on the Sunday
Do you have a favourite restaurant?
Oh and are you paying for everything?
Do you know a good one?
It's not too expensive in general
There's that new Italian place
I'm not clear about who's paying
Do you want your guests to pay for their own meal or will you pay for eveything?
If it's not too expensive
But I don't like Italians too much
That sounds like a good plan
So a cheap French place
You know an Indonesian restaurant?
What do you mean by the Thai?
We could invite our yoga group and the Glee Club
A Thai restaurant
I know a couple of Thai restaurants but they're not cheap
Don't you know anywhere?
I think there's one in the old harbor
I'll look into it
Yes I'll do that
Can I invite them all?
There's over thirty people in the yoga class
"Oh, no!"
Tuesday's band
"You know, it's only 8 on Tuesday"
The rest of us don't know them so well
I take care of the restaurant and you invite the friends
and we'll talk about it tomorrow?
Oh them!
Glad I asked
Yes I'll get in touch with them for you
You could use my flat
That's a great idea!
You wouldn't mind?
And Gerard might come along
You never know
If you know what I mean
"Great, let's do it this way!"
And we can cook together in the morning!
I can't wait!
Can I talk to you tomorrow to complete the organization?
Cook?
That might be a problem
But I haven't got time to tell you why
How about ordering Thai food from that restaurant?
I have to go!
Let's speak tomorrow
We'll find a solution
See you tomorrow!
Have I ever seen you around that pond?
Wasn't it yesterday?
maybe
i tend to keep to myself
I do come here every day so you probably did see me
"I like to come to this park, too"
I think the place is really quiet
I just wish they hadn't put in the playground over on the other side
"the children are so noisy, I'm afraid they are going to scare away the ducklings"
I think they're planning a soccer game today between the city's different neighborhoods
what?!
that's ludicrous!
there are stadiums for that sort of shenanigans
I believe the new municipal team wants to promote exchange
exchange programmes with foreign students?!
what kind of exchange do you mean?
Not even close
Just the children of the different neighborhoods
well that's nice
I just hope they don't make too much of a ruckus
There you go
It's true that security issues have gone up
i hope it works
That's right
We're all forced to live together
"as they say, if you don't like living here, then go live elsewhere"
"When we were born here, it's hard to go to another country"
We're losing all its landmarks
"landmarks, like the pond and the park?"
For example
Or his doctor's choice
It's not easy to find a new doctor that works when you change town
Or just find a supermarket that sells products I'm used to
Do you want an outdoor party as the weather is so good
"Yes, of course!"
"I think we should go to the park next, we can have a barbecue."
Barbecue or something more sophisticated?
"Oh, no, we're between us!"
I'm not planning on inviting the Queen of England!
"Or the new royal couple, haha!"
I'll wear a very smart dress so it will feel as if I'm at something royal
"Mind you, I m very happy to be celebrating with you"
"Yes, it'll be fun!"
You gave me an idea
Let's make a royal barbecue!
The wedding was stunning was'nt it
We will have fun too
Shall I organise the barbecue meat and fish
Then we could ask friends to bring salads and wine
"Yes, why not!"
I'm gonna make cake for dessert
Chocolate?
"Yes, a chocolate cake, and another apple I think."
What did you get?
Very French but much better than our traditional fruit cake
Luck!
You think I should do that?
Are you going to wear a princess crown?
Sorry I don't understand what you mean
"Yeah, I think I'm gonna wear a nice solid gold tiara, with a lot of diamonds!"
It's gonna be really beautiful
"I was talking about dessert, but I think I'm gonna make it easier for you"
"Good lord, I hope there won't be any strange people in the park"
"About the meat and fish, I'm also going to take a few things for vegetarians"
You never know!
We might be mugged!
Haha
"Yes, that's for sure!"
"Perhaps you could bring a sword, as a true knight of the Crown!"
Sorry so slow but I m on my phone
"Come on, let's do it this way!"
Thank you so much for your help
this weekend then!
So what made your day so bad today?
Did you have time to take lunch?
The day had begun
"Yes, I was able to have lunch"
In the garage
This morning my car broke down
This morning my car broke down
Between two dates
Oh no poor you
I hope you didn't get wet
"As you're now home, I'm assuming that you managed to get the car fixed?"
"No, I had to walk home"
A real nightmare
How much is it going to cost to get the car fixed?
"Not very expensive, but you have to order the spare"
About 200 dhs
Have you got 200 dhs?
We could use the holiday money we've put by?
If only that
"Running to catch the bus, I twisted my ankle"
I thought it was looking a bit swollen
You need to get some ice on it
I wanted to call a cab
"And when he saw that I was soaking wet, he wouldn't let me in."
Then it pissed me off
How terrible
I'm sorry you've had such a bad day
I started screaming at him
What did he say then?
So it was better
Insults
Tomorrow I can drive you to work
what are you talking about?!
I'm head chef!
You were meant to get the ingredients
please don't tell me you forgot to go shopping
what are we going to serve our customers?
"our hungry, hungry customers!"
But you told me you'd go to the market this morning!
Don't we have the ingredients?
"anyway, we are clearly in a massive pickle here"
i guess we'll just have to use leftovers from yesterday
I hope they don't notice anything wrong
We got five hours till tonight's dinner
I can go to the super market and see what they got
"I'm sorry, I misunderstood."
well you better hurry then because we have prep to do
and bully beef takes more than five hours
I'm off and I'll be back with what I find!
"honestly, sometimes i wonder where you kids get your training nowadays"
wait
before you go
here is a list of everything we need for tonight's service
I'm back!
I'm back!
"It's a shame, by the way"
You know
an excellent way to improve work relationships is to organise an informal gathering
"For example, if one of the team-members has something to celebrate"
"birth of a child, marriage, whatever"
you could suggest a little drinks party at lunchtime
"I agree, but it would be more than that to organize"
I'm just an employee among others in this department
How many are you?
I don't have anything to celebrate
"I'll talk to the colleagues, maybe one of them will have something to celebrate soon."
"Ah yes, that is a lot of people"
And everybody is stressed by this manager?
I would say yes
Are there any other managers on her level who are more accessible
people you can talk to easily?
"The other managers of his level, we don't know much about them"
They're managers of the other departments
But I'm going to try to set up your suggestion: Find a good reason for orgniser
But I'm going to try to set up your suggestion
"Find a good reason for a party between colleagues, set it up, and invite him!"
I do think that could be a solution
or at least a step in the right direction
"Meanwhile, you personally, do clearly not have a problem with your brain"
as you say
Basically you are under stress
which happens to many people theses days
"As you suggested, a few days' break could help you recover untroubled sleep"
I'll try to put a few days off
"respect a few well-known rules for easy sleep such as no computer or smartphone just before going to bed, nor television."
sorry - just before going to bed
And chamomile tea before bed!
"Sometimes we laugh at the grandmothers who drink chamomile, but I'll tell you one thing, I like it!"
I was going to suggest that too!
"Now, I think I've got everything we need to solve this problem!"
"I am sure we will not need to meet again for a long time, if ever, but please do not hesitate to come back to me if your problems persist"
I'm glad I could help.
"Noted, thank you again."
"Enjoy the rest of the day, Doctor."
"Unless you have anything else you would like to mention, I wish you a pleasant continuation"
I hope you are making the most of the bank holidays this week to change your ideas
go for walks in the sunshine!
All right!
See you.
"You too, Arthur."
Goodbye
"cut those potatoes into proper english chips, now"
not those horrible french fries!
"Okay, Chief!"
How about a cube or a long one?
"Do you want beets with them, too?"
"for goodness sake, english, I said don't you understand anything"
"no, what are beets?"
Maybe with some basil then?
we are not preparing an italian meal
this will be a proper english meal
Maybe some more cheese?
Okay for the English meal.
How big for the French fries?
although in england they do grow beetroots
if that is what you mean
they would traditionally be boiled and served with vinegar
I'll just cut a couple and show you
"Yes, we can add olive oil with beets."
"they're getting married, I think."
no I don't
"Okay, perfect."
I need to see to do the right thing.
just get on and don't talk so much
please could you just sear the beef in a pan and put it on to slow roast
How hot is the roast?
"Just sear it until its brown and caramalised then put in a casserole with carrots, celery, some seasoning and cover with stock"
now tell me how long have you been an apprentice chef?
It's been ten years.
Okay for the planning.
"Can I add some celery, too?"
And how long have you been in charge?
"Oh, yeah"
"I suggest you listen more and talk less, I have to go now"
"Ma'am, are we going to be in control soon?"
What would you like to be in control of?
A control on the last chapter.
I'd like to know how much time I have left to study
"We will have an exam, if that is what you mean, next week on Thursday"
"We will cover all the material up to next Tuesday, so start studying soon!"
But I will only answer emails during working hours
so please don't send them late on Wednesday evening
"Thank you, ma'am."
is that gonna do it?
and how is YOUR book going to help me calm down?!
"It's not you, I'm the one who's scared of flying, okay?"
And I'm talking about essential oils.
brilliant!
we're both scared of flying
"well this is going to be a whole barrel of laughs, isn't it!"
and since when have essential oils helped anyone?!
typical hippy!
A barrel of laughs...
a whole lot of fun!
it stinks all over the plane
how did you get that through security?
"Like, keep your arms inside?"
well if we're in an accident you won't have any arms left
you won't even have a head!
why did I let you convince me to take this plane
We have to go to your mother-in-law.
so it's all her fault then!
I knew it!
I'm going to be sick!
"And the pilot, he's not suicidal, I hope."
I don't want to see the Alps too close.
hand me the paper bag.
i think i'm going to leave!
why did you have to mention the pilot!
For the plane moving like that?
the hotels don't seem very comfortable.
Where are you from?
Where are you from?
I am from the U.S.
We are from the U.S.
I am American
I am American
I am from Morocco.
I am Moroccan
I am Moroccan
Are you angry?
Are you angry?
Are you from the U.S.?
Are you from the U.S.?
Are you from the U.S.?
Where are you from in the U.S.?
Where are you from in the U.S.?
Where are you from in the U.S.?
And you?
And you?
your city is wonderful
Excuse me
Excuse me
I am not happy
she is engaged
he's married
she's married
"No, not yet"
"No, not yet"
Are you a tourist?
Are you a tourist?
I've been waiting for you for two hours
He's been asleep for a long time
He's been in Morocco for three years
Whose book is this?
This is Loubna's book.
Is this Hicham's book?
"No, it's not his"
Whose house is this?
This house is Malika's
Is this house Malika's?
"Yes, it's hers."
I don't eat meat
I drink tea and coffee without sugar
I eat everything.
I eat vegetables only
I don't feel like eating
I want just a cup of tea
I don't want to have breakfast
The food is delicious
I'm full.
I want to learn how to cook
May God replenish
To your health
May God grant you health too
You're welcome
I'm tired
I'm tired
I'm tired
I'm tired
I want to read a little bit
I want to go to bed
Where I am going to sleep?
I want to go to bed early
I want to get up early
I want a blanket
This is a chair
This is a table
This is Abdallah
This is Aicha
What's this?
What's this?
Who is this?
Who is this?
What is that?
What is that?
Who is that?
Who is that?
this man
this woman
these men
these women
This city is big
That house is big
I want that
That's what I want
I want to wash my hands with soap
I want to brush my teeth
"I want hot water, please"
I want to take a shower
I want to go to the hammam
I want to change my clothes
I'm sick
I want to rest a bit
Do you feel better?
I want to go to Ifran
Take me home please
Stop here please
Is the meter on?
"Turn on the meter, please."
It's not a problem.
There is no problem
There is no problem.
Congratulations
Congratulations
May God grant you grace
I don't understand
Slowly please
Repeat please
Repeat please
What did you say?
Give me that thing please
Where is the toilet?
Where is the toilet?
I want to do laundry
Where can I do laundry?
Can I help you?
Eight books
Eight books
Five dirhams
Five dirhams
one book
one girl
What time is it?
What time is it?
It is exactly one o'clock
It is exactly one o'clock
It is five minutes past two
It is ten minutes past three
It is a quarter past four
It is twenty minutes past five
It is twenty-five minutes past six
It is twenty-five minutes past six
It is seven thirty
It is eight thirty-five
It is eight thirty-five
It is twenty minutes to nine
It is a quarter to ten
It is ten minutes to eleven
It is five minutes to twelve
Give me milk please
"please, do you have milk?"
What do you want ma'am
What do you want sir?
How much?
Do you have change?
Do you have change for 200 dhs?
I want tea
Do you want coffee with sugar?
Ali wants a glass of water
Driss and Fatima don't want soda
Driss is at home
Is there water in the bottle?
Tom is not at the café
There is food in the fridge
There are many books on the table
How is Mohamed related to you?
How is Amina related to you?
My mom doesn't work
My mom doesn't work
My mom and dad are divorced
My mom and dad are divorced
I have two twin siblings
How many siblings do you have?
How many sisters do you have?
What's your father's name?
How old is your brother?
I have a younger brother
My cousin and I are the same age
My older sister is a teacher
My younger brother goes to school
"No, I don't have a house in the US"
Do you have a house in Morocco?
Moha and Fatima have two daughters and a son
We have a good teacher
Where is Loubna please?
Is there a mosque close?
Go straight
Turn right
Turn right
Turn right
Turn left
Go ahead a bit
Pass the first street
The 2nd street
"Yesterday, I drank tea without sugar."
"Last week, Said wrote a letter to his friend."
"Last year, we traveled to New York."
This morning I got up at 7:00
What did you do yesterday?
I knew nothing
I ate nothing
No one came
He saw no one
Have you ever gone to France?
Have they ever eaten couscous?
Have you ever drunk mint tea in America?
I've never eaten hamburger
She has never been abroad
He has never spoken Arabic
Omar gave a book to Mohamed
Omar gave it to Mohamed
Did you write the letter to Hassan?
"Yes, I wrote it to Hassan"
Why did you leave us with him?
She saw me at the movie theater
You saw me
You didn't see me
Did you see Hakima and Karim?
"No, I didn't see them"
I found a salmon and beef cheeks
that was fast
i guess it will have to do
I ran
"right, get to work"
this food won't cook itself
"Yeah, we're gonna make it!"
your enthusiasm sickens me
I'll ask him!
"Great, thank you"
I know!
that's the fifth time this month!
I wonder why hasn't it been properly fixed yet
I'm paying a fortune for the maintenance of these machines!
I'm surrounded by incompetents
"I mean, I'm not saying that for you"
"Hey, be polite!"
"If you continue this tone, it will go wrong for you"
i'm so scared
i'm quivering in my boots
"actually, you know what?"
i don't care
i don't care
Like halloween
Oh wow?
I won't eat the berries
I've got some marshmallows in my bag
I am a bit sick actually
I should have brought a jumper with me
I won't let that happen chef
"You get the sauce, now"
I hope you know how to do that on your own
Sauce is ready
Sauce is ready
Serving now chef
They have special dietary requirements
You should have told me earlier
Have you got anything on you?
Do you think it would eat little pieces of tobacco?
"Erm, probably not"
What's that got to do with it?
Tobacco too?
It's your pet!
"Well, he is in my golf club!"
He plays golf with you?
"You know him personally, so you favor him"
There must be other teachers who don't play golf
I can't imagine Mrs Noha playing golf
we've been dating for nearly a year now
Martin introduced us
Can I quote you on that?
The point of view may be historic or sociological
What were the political repercussions or societals?
Or how is that perceived now?
How many words is a short essay?
"2,000 words"
But you must respect that new deadline
And your essay must be the best you've ever written
"It will be, I promise"
Thank you
Let's get organising
I did a lot of running in high school
I certianly hope you're not going to be cooking the beef and salmon together
That would be weird you think it could be good?
what in the lord's name is that?
that's true!
It would go faster and it's still chic!
"Hi, planning this party will be fun"
What kind of party do you think it should be?
It's for your birthday
"sorry, I meant theme"
1980's theme would be good
We could get everyone to dress up in 1980's clothes
"Oh yeah, the '80s, that's a great idea!"
I should still have tapes somewhere
Have you heard of Spotify?
It's an online music app
It's not stupid
and of course a cake!
It's essential!
I can make one if you want
I love baking
"By the way, we're gonna have to dance!"
That's a good plan!
"Oh, no, it's happening again!"
do you think we should call for help?
or will someone notice soon enough?
Did you know who you're talking to?
Did you know who you're talking to?
you're exactly right
of course people will notice you're missing
5 seconds without being shouted at
I've been waiting years for the perfect opportunity to tell you that
this is how I feel about working here
"and working for you, in particular"
"Go on, develop"
if you just trusted all of us to do our jobs we would be so much more effective
I won't do anything of the sort
"don't forget, I know everything that this company has been doing for the past 10 years"
tax evasion
Do you think those berries are edible?
This is really exciting being lost like this!
"We know, but we keep going"
It's a bit stupid
"Damn, I blew up the steaks"
You have to put more cream in it
"Great idea, I'll change the menu"
The desserts are in the refrigerator
"Hey, let's go and play volleyball?"
I'd like to hang out in the sun just a little longer
"Well, I don't have too much energy right now"
"This morning, the day before yesterday!"
"It's okay, it's just that I don't want to do anything"
What about the time when we were playing cards
"Okay, I'm going to the bar to get a drink"
Would you like one?
"Oh, yeah, that's what I'm talking about"
"Oh, I get it"
I'll take my nap then
"Your liver, I'm sorry"
It tastes better with double cream
No better
"Construction delays, what's that all about?"
There is lots to organise though
Could you come over from 15 hours to help me set it up!
I presume you mean lanes
We're saved!
Well done for getting us back
"Good morning Mr Hatim, how are you feeling this morning?"
I ate three frogs and two snails
Was that for breakfast?
And on your side?
"Very well, thank you"
I feel like I'm seeing double
"When I see green, I see red too"
Do you see green and red together all the time?
Or just at certain times?
"If so, when?"
On one piece of bread
You really think it's possible to get three?
They'd need to be very close together
And that may be very difficult to realize
Sit here
Sit here
Sit here
I am hopeful that you can help me
I have been feeling very sad lately
"In parallel, we cut down half the pills"
It's been a long time since we've had to hit the road
I feel like we're lost
"Wait, I'll look in my bag"
"Well, I can't find the map"
"But there's still chocolate, you want some?"
I'm not sure what we can do without the map
Maybe find a river
It's stupid to be lost when we have a good map!
Why did you give it to Loubna earlier?
You know full well why!
It was the only way to get them to give us back our food
A fork?
"No, I haven't opened it yet"
Let me have a look
Let me have a look
You mean that smell's coming from your present?
how are you?
did you have your breakfast?
are you hungry?
what do you want to have for breakfast?
Do you drink tea?
do you drink tea without sugar?
do you want some coffee?
is there anything to eat?
this is delicious
it is salty
it is very sweet
I am not hungry now
is there any bread left?
where would you like to have breakfast?
I don't drink tea
I will go to the café
when did you have your breakfast?
when did you have your lunch?
when did you have your dinner?
what did you eat for lunch?
what did you eat for dinner?
what did you have for breakfast?
I was born in Agadir
where did you go?
I went to the market
whose house is this?
where do you study?
I study at the university
do you need help?
when do you sleep?
What's your brother's name?
What's your sister's name?
Where is the school?
Where is the hospital?
Where is this hotel?
Didn't you go?
Are you still late?
is everything okay?
Why didn't you come yesterday?
What do you have tomorrow?
I didn't get your words
What didn't you understand?
This road is empty
This road is long
My phone turns off
I am not going with you
I am not feeling well
The job is hard
I have a lot of job to do today
I don't have class today
The teaher didn't come today
do you want me to bring you something?
My sister is getting married
Those are my nephews
Where have you been?
Why you don't answer the phone?
I don't eat rice
I am on a diet
This shirt is beautiful
This dress suits you
This Jellaba is large
This Jellaba is tight
Where did you buy this outfit?
How much did you buy this outfit?
did you travel?
Why didn't you travel?
I don't have money
I don't have time
My mother is sick
My father is sick
My brother is sick
My sister is sick
My grandmother is sick
My grandfather is sick
My grandfather passed away
My grandmother passed away
I miss my grandmother
I miss my grandfather
This is hard
the laptop doesn't work anymore
When will you finish your studies?
When will you finish the work?
I am pregnant
I wil give birth soon
I don't have boys
I don't have girls
This is my son
This is my daughter
This is my brother
This is my sister
This is my girlfriend
This is my boyfriend
Where are you traveling?
Which country do you like?
I am traveling to France
I am traveling to Turkey
I like Italy
Morocco is beautiful
I want to buy olive oil
I want to buy argan oil
I am going to shop right now
Vegetables are expensive
Vegetables are sheap
I am cleaning the house
I am cleaning my room
Bring me a cup of water
I want a Tajine
Tomorrow I am going to see the doctor
my eyesight has decreased
I don't see well
I didn't hear what you said
I don't hear very well
When wil you get married?
When wil you get married?
We are invited by some people
I am invited this night
Life is hard
i woke up early
I woke up late
I don't wake up early
I like to stay up at night
I have a headache
I love soda
did you feel scared?
When is the wedding
He talks too much
He speaks fast
He speaks slow
what did the doctor say to you?
Aren't you tired?
what color do you like?
which school did you study at?
I like black
I don't like black
do you like black color?
I don't know what to say
I don't have luck
I am allergic to
I don't eat fish
I don't eat rice
I don't drink milk
this milk has expired
where did you come from?
I have a toothache
we will have guests
are you crazy?
you made me angry?
go away
come here
just keep quiet
don't make me angry
don't be angry
I didn't like what you said
you must apologize
what did you see?
what did you hear?
what did they tell you?
aren't you ashamed?
it is not my business
it is none of your business
that's what I think of
I am still thinking
I have a cat
I have a cat
I have a dog
I am scared of cats
I am scared of dogs
this dog is friendly
I have no idea
I dyed my hair
I will bake a cake
I will take a taxi
I will take a bus
the bus didn't come
when does the bus arrive?
where do you live?
are you going to move out?
I amcharging my phone
I am a philosophy teacher
I teach Arabic
I am a maths teacher
I am a university teacher
I am not working now
it's okay
I will stay late tonight
I bought new clothes
I don't have a driving licence
I don't know how to drive
your car is beautiful
how much did you buy this car?
it is so expensive
it is so cheap
I am eating now
wait till I finish
Ramadan is close
will you fast?
what do you do in Ramadan?
I feel scared
I feel hot
what is the temperature today?
it is cold
it is hot
it is very sunny
it is raining a lot
I don't have the mood
the tea is hot
the tea is cold
come to eat
welcome
did you watch the news?
may God bless his soul
give me my money
take the money
how much do you want?
how much is this?
I have a secret
don't tell anyone about this
"okay, I promise you"
you are a liar
why do you lie?
I got a hair cut
I still didn't get paid
when will you get paid?
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
everyday
every week
every month
every year
every afternoon
every morning
every evening
every monday
every Tuesday
every Wednesday
every Thursday
every Friday
every Saturday
every Sunday
every Monday and Tuesday
there is a difference
there is no difference
you are handsome
you are beautiful
he is arrogant
modesty is great
I am very modest
I am arrogant
he is patient
he is not patient
patience is great
the national team is playing right now
the natioanl team won
don't buy it
don't eat it
don't drink it
don't sleep too much
sleeping for a long time isn't good
do something
don't do anything
I didn't do anything
this is strange
take off your shoes
you can enter with your shoes
I forget to drink water
you must drink a lot of water
you must eat well
your eyes are beautiful
your hair is beautiful
you look younger
you look older
do I look older?
he is older than me
he is younger than me
the WI-FI isn't working
I forgot to pay the WI-FI monthly fees
the WI-FI is slow
I have an aerophobia
I missed my flight
how much do you pay for the WI-FI?
how much did you book the flight?
when did you book the flight?
did you rent a car?
did you rent a house?
did you buy an appartment?
how much did you buy your house?
this house is cheap
this house is expensive
I want to buy a house
I want to buy an appartment
this house is big
this house is small
what's wrong with your eyes?
does something hurt you?
I'm fine
I feel excited
I'm pregnant
my son is naughty
my son is sick
I'll drive my son to the school
this is impossible
I can't believe
my heart hurts me
you are priceless
I don't want to lose you
I'm doing the dishes
I'm washing theclothes
I'm ironing the clothes
the clothes are durty
no tea left
your house is far from me
tell me everything
tell me the truth
do you have hot bread?
I want cool water
I'm doing my homework
I'll go by train
I had an accident
I swear to God
I like this skirt
this skirt is short
he is tall
he is taller than me
he is short
he is shorter than me
I bought carrots
this pen is mine
I went to the bank
I opened a bank account
the bank is closed
I will visit my friend
I succeeded
I graduated
I didn't score well
I scored well
I speak three languages
I don't speak Arabic
the day is long
the night is long
why are you shouting?
raise your voice
raise your hands
close your eyes
open your eyes
if only you were with us
turn off the light
turn on the light
open the door
close the door
I fell down the stairs
I'm going upstairs
I'm going downstairs
I'm in my bedroom
I bought a shirt
I didn't like this color
I didn't find my size
he eats too much
I forgot what you told me
today is my birthday
I'm at the airport
I'm in the gym
I go for a walk every morning
this blanket is warm
I want cheese
this pillow isn't comfortable
where will you sleep?
do you smoke?
smoking isn't good for health
I'm going to the mosque
I'm going to the mosque
I will go to pray
I forgot to pray
education is important
I didn't finish my studies
if you were in my place
I envy you
you are lucky
I'm not lucky
this is nonsense
did you eat fruits?
vegetables are good for health
I didn't drink coffee today
what are you looking for?
I'm not looking for anything
I had an argument with him
I don't talk with him anymore
I haven't eaten anything since morning
this is a good news
you made me happy
have you read this book?
I didn't read this book
this movie is boring
I didn't like this movie
what's the name of your son?
what's the name of your daughter?
how long have you been married?
I don't want to get married
did you see what I saw?
did you hear what I heard?
you're not a good person
you're a good person
did you notice anything?
I didn't notice anything
the shop is closed
the shop is open
when do you open?
when do you close?
I lost my wallet
where is my wallet?
this medication is good
I have a backache
I bought a sandal
this handsoap is good
the tap water is off
the electricity went out
Omlette with eggs and tomatoes
tomorrow is the Eid
I'm putting on some make up
don't look at me
why are you looking at me?
line up
I bought a coat
he took my money
he is a thief
don't go to that place
it's getting dark
I have bad news for you
I'm trying
do you offer a discount?
turn right
turn left
it's next to
cross the road
another day
another time
it's not a good idea
it's a good idea
I respect you
you inspire me
I miss your laugh
I want a lifetime with you
do you have an appointment?
your room is on the second floor
thank you for staying with me
the room is small
the room is big
don't forget
I didn't forget
I didn't forget you
can I see you now?
I want to see you now
can I come in?
May I go out?
which book?
which movie?
which city?
where is the kitchen?
what are you doing here?
everything is going to be fine
do you work like this?
I understand you
it's my fault
I'm dreaming of you
I worship you
I want you
who knows?
Let me check
take it easy
I'm done
why not?
as you like
how can I help you?
how's life?
what are you up to?
I have many
I have a few
you first
you are crazy
trust me
do me a favour
is it yours?
I like both
I can't eat
I can't drink
look at him
if you ask me
understand me
in my opinion
I think
I wake up at five a.m
I drink soup
the food is delicious
the food isn't delicious
where is the food?
why do you think like this?
why do you say this?
you should not say this
I don't eat shrimp
the beach is empty
he is an American
he is an Italian
he is old
which day do you want?
any day you want
a big spoon
a small spoon
a big dish
a small dish
give me a fork
a beautiful girl
a handsome boy
I wear contact lenses
the clock is off
is it you?
is it your picture?
give me to see
where is the picture?
I cut the picture
what!
no way
this is dangerous
if only you keep quiet
why are you not talking?
why are you not laughing?
where is this?
when is this?
I'm going crazy
we will all die
where is this restaurant?
the glass is empty
my hair is long
I'm looking for my socks
I didn't find my socks
did you see my socks?
this T.V is nice
I'm learning how to cook
I cook very well
driving is difficult
I turned on the stove
turn off the stove
turn on the stove
my finger hurts
I'm not okay
you look good
I like this
I didn't like this
I respect myself
I like your work
a great opportunity
he left me alone
he came back again
it's not a big deal
we broke up
never
I burned my hand
I'm sleeping
I'm awake
I work in the evenings
I work in the mornings
I don't work today
what happened between you and him?
I have a motorbike
I bought a new motorbike
put the knife down
don't play with the knife
open the window
close the window
the window is big
there is no balcony in the house
he smokes in the balcony
he smokes a lot
it's him who starts
he overthinks
overthinking
I have a problem
a big problem
he is in the prison
the towel is clean
the towel is durty
the food isn't enough
this is not enough
we are so many
this is not funny
he is always crying
I'm eating a cake
come to eat with me
don't eat with me
don't think about this
don't think this way
overthinking isn't good
it's windy
it's snowing
I saw a monkey
I went to the zoo
Atlas lions
the fridge isn't working
look there
it's not far
it's not near
he told me everything
he tells me everything
he doesn't tell me anything
the bread is crispy
coffee with milk
this milk is sweet
did you add sugar?
I didn't add sugar
you should have gone
nothing happened
this is a catastrophe
I encourage you
I don't encourage you
I don't do this
I do this
like this
not like this
it's the same
he stole my wallet
I spent a lot of money
it costed me a lot of money
it didn't cost me a lot of money
I always come here
I like this place
I don't like this place
this place is beautiful
I want to rest
I will take a nap
I had a late lunch
I had my lunch early
I had my lunch quickly
he eats slowly
he eats fast
help me please
don't help me
he is talking about me
I'm listening to the radio
swear to God
I plant plants
I'll call a taxi
I'm waiting for him to come
he still didn't come
I'll punish you
don't punish me
this is a punishment
why do you punish me?
why do you treat me like this?
you have to change the way you treat others
you are very strict
you are very sensitive
you are very romantic
I like talking with you
I like listening to you
I hate listening to him
I always listen to him
he always advises me
he always talks to me
he always listens to me
he doesn't listen to me
he always smiles to others
he doesn't smile to others
I'll be honest with you
you shouldn't have done this
he plays football very well
when does the football game start?
I have acne
I'll take care of myself
life is short
I have hope
I don't have hope
he died yesterday
his wife is beautiful
his wife is old
I'll sing a song
can you please sing a song?
I can't bear anymore
I have a lot of debts
I drink too much tea
you gained weight
you lost weight
I don't eat well anymore
I don't eat a lot anymore
where is my book?
the bookshop is closed
the bookshop is open
my father died
my father is dead
my father died when I was a child
my brother's wedding
he has an attractive personality
I wanted that you and him meet each other
the bed is comfortable
the sofa is big
the chair is broken
the table is round
the furniture is old
the wall is durty
the lamp is yellow
his eyes are black
I have dark circles under eyes
my skin is sensitive
I always put on red lipstick
my hair is damaged
my teeth are white
my teeth are black
he is always drunk
he goes to his work drunk
I feel sorry for him
I have many toys
I don't have toys
I have two dolls
I cut onions
I'm boiling water
the oil is hot
I don't have ice
fried fish
minced meat
fried chicken
where did you hear this?
I don't see well anymore
I can't see
my mother is cooking
I've received my salary
they deducted an amount from my salary
the salary isn't complete
the salary isn't enough
how much is your salary?
what did you do with your salary?
where did you spend your salary?
I work full time
I finish my work early
I finish my work late
I met him yesterday
I'll meet him tomorrow
I met him today
I didn't met him
he asked me to meet him
he wants me to go with him
he told me to call him
he told me to visit him
his head is big
his head is small
his feet are big
his feet are small
he can't walk
he brought me a gift
I liked the gift
the gift is beautiful
he prepared a surprise for me
I didn't like the surprise
I was born on this same day
you scared me
you made me cry
why did you scare me?
why did you feel scared?
I like this song
I don't like this song
this song is sad
I'm crazy
I'm free now
I'm free
I do what I want
it's my life
it's without any sense
my life is without any sense
my life is boring
I live my life
I'm an extrovert person
I'm an introvert person
my son will visit me
my son didn't visit me
dates with milk
get away from him
I'm cleaning the ground
the weather is humid
I want to go to the desert
the sea is big
why do you always go to the beach
do you like the beach
I prefer the beach
the sea is dangerous
be careful in the beach
self reliance is great
I left a comment for him
I've never studied IT
I study English
I will do like what he did
he is unknown
he is known
he is famous
I'm in the office
from where do I get money?
he didn't want to loan me money
knock the door
he was knocking the door
I have a lot off money
we're the same
he gave me a paper
how to start?
I feel bored
do you feel bored
this is an adventure
I like adventures
don't be a cowardly person
I like to take challenges
you are a hypocrite
why are you a hypocrite?
shame on you
spend the day with me
I like sleeping too much
I get full quickly
I eat spinach
I do it everyday
it's not my objective
as you can see
the only thing I did
do it always
first thing
I always use it
I don't use this
follow these steps
clean this
I dry my hair
I will share with you
face cleanser
I will take you with me
I try
at the same time
first thing I do
I will add
I mix well
the most important thing
this is the method
the taste is good
put that down
I hope you liked it
I'm getting dressed
I had my nails done
I just went out
I hope you are well
I didn't expect
I'm still asleep
I'll take pictures
I'm back
I'm going
every two hours
my order has arrived
I just had my lunch
as you know
I'm invited to dinner
I have an oily skin
I have a dry skin
I have a mixed skin
long ago
the price is convenient
I tried it
it takes time
you must come
I will open the door
the window is closed
I'm not used to
without comment
never say this
I will change my clothes
I want a juice
orange juice
I will go to the forest
I'm so tired
I had a good time
I really enjoyed
it was really good
I'm clean
I'm watching a video
you still didn't go?
the first step
I sanitize
I will take a shower
wash your hands
this is a problem
the best thing
a normal thing
I explained to you
can you explain to me?
the normal days
one hundred per cent
I don't use this anymore
he dresses well
I got this one
this is it
this is natural
good scent
good perfume
my hands are soft
my hands are hydrated
my hands are dried
this one as well
I'll show it to you
I'm depressed
I need money
I will do my hair
I told you
the first time I try
the clothes are in the wardrobe
I have to go
I broke it
both of them
I'm addicted to it
you always ask me about it
I can't help you
I can help you
I don't have many
we need equality
we need justice
look how cute is this
from inside
from outside
it's oily
we will talk when you come
what are you doing?
how to use it?
before you go
before you come
before you start
once a day
once in a while
why do you ask?
I applied a mask to my hair
I liked this shower gel
before you try it
if I have time
you will see the difference
he is almost done
I will move now to
I saw the result
I prefer
because of you
for you
for your sake
I haven't studied this
the last thing
one thing that I didn't like
did you know him?
did you remember him?
I will not show you
how do you save money?
did you save any money?
give me the recipe
give me the method
what's the solution?
as I promised you
he is very smart
I didn't understand this lesson
we don't have this type
it costs one million
if you go
listen to me carefully
in all domaines
search for it
I will upload it
that's another thing
be smart
you will find it there
take your time
thais is how
you don't have to go
you have to wait
I'm coming now
once you finish
he sent me a message
if you don't want
I don't want
I don't dye my hair
I don't cook
I don't exercise
I don't drink alcohol
I always forget to drink water
I decided to go
beautiful feeling
I've received the message
I live alone
a long time
I will see how
what did you find?
I didn't find it
I didn't find anything
where is it?
search again
it's enough
I don't know his name
his name is beautiful
I'm still sick
are you still sick?
I have something to do
what happened to you?
many things
it was heavy
it was light
even if I'm sick
I've started feeling tired
maybe it's him
it's not him
is it him?
I was walking
it hurts a lot
Guess
I wake up tired
he brought me everything
the doctor prescribed medications for me
this medicine is sweet
I want to eat lentilles
wear your glasses
the pan is hot
I write poems
I love reading poems
I'm going to get ready
I do a training
you are like me
pour the water
the bottle is full
the bottle is empty
it's not important
which one should I choose?
cut the tomatoes
you have to get rid of it
no one is perfect
it's the first time I see you
it's the first time I speak with you
I want to change my life
he studies hard
if you have it
I don't eat onions
I'm running out of time
when I was young
just a little bit
I will put it in water
I left the house
I will live alone
I will do a master degree
I forgot my suitcase
no space left
open the fridge
my friend will go with me
I burned the lunch
I will start from now
I still have a lot of work to do
I love gold
gold is expensive
nothing is easy
I don't feel anything
fried eggs
I like salads
you have to drink a lot of water
I have to cook
my husband is late
my husband works hard
I don't know
my father is a teacher
my father is an accountant
I broke the chair
I started from the beginning
clap your hands
let's have a walk
get out of here
the rooftop is big
my cat gave birth
the utensils are new
this is what I want
this is what I'm looking for
this music is bad
I don't like music
what kind of music do you like?
do you know this singer?
this singer is famous
I like the piano
I have cramps
the water is clean
I went to the court
I sued him
he is a dangerous criminal
I'm not a criminal
I was afraid of him
the road is closed
is there another road?
I bought a new bag
gold earrings
fake bag
long chain
you are annoying
you disturbed me
don't disturb me
mind your business
don't talk about others
it's not good to lie
he didn't want to confess
will you sleep now?
will you sleep here?
he has asthma
he is diabetic
I don't know how to read
the writer died
he is rich
he is poor
he is greedy
greed is a bad thing
I will change my glasses
this sweater is warm
I'm still cold
not always
it's just an idea
it makes me asleep
I will immigrate
immigration office
I want to immigrate
don't be stupid
why are you stupid?
beauty is a bless
health is a bless
I have a meeting
the meeting has been cancelled
when does the meeting take time?
bless you
God is the greatest
God is with me
think about this
I won at the end
I will give a speech
I'm divorced
I want to get divorced
the paper is white
which paper?
many papers
I didn't like him at the beginning
I have a problem of indigestion
you came in time
come another time
it's prayer time
he prays on time
he prays for me
pray for me
he always prays
he always fasts
between us
pretend as you didn't see anything
pretend as you didn't hear anything
pretend as being stupid
don't pretend you are stupid
don't pretend you know me
don't pretend you are sorry
bear your responsibility
I bear the responsibility
until tomorrow
use your brain
I prepare for it
listen to your heart
I sweat a lot
I fry potatoes
you added too much pepper
I'm not good at doing anything
my little sister
my little brother
I want to try
I have to try
whenever you are going out
how did you do it?
goat's milk
he doesn't believe in himself
he doesn't have self confidence
I went alone to the beach
I'm sitting alone
I don't care about anyone
do you want his phone number?
do you have his phone number?
what are you going to wear?
everyone has a different way of thinking
I will not finish
I'm not this type of people
he doesn't love me
a simple thing
he cheated on me
he cheats on me
I can't cheat on you
I will never cheat on you
he tells everything
even though
you took too much time
he feels proud about himself
I'm proud of you
toxic relationship
it didn't fit me
it didn't suit me
it doesn't suit me
it's not convenient
I'm recording an audio
write your question
what is your question?
what are you trying to do?
what are you trying to say?
I don't have the ability
I don't have the courage
without feeling
many problems happened
I didn't see you
I saw you there
I haven't seen you again
I haven't seen you since that
low level
I'm hanging out with my friends
it's still the beginning
what do you think about him?
I'm afraid of darkness
are you afraid of darkness?
give me your address
send me your phone number
he doesn't deserve this
he deserves this
he deserves better
you are like a brother to me
peace and love
it's peaceful here
love is difficult
love is beautiful
love is sacred
true love doesn't exist anymore
I don't believe in love
do you love someone?
does he also love you?
why he doesn't love you anymore?
why you don't love him?
give him a chance
you have only one chance
this is the last try
give me a chance please
the last day of this month
the last day with you
this is your last day
is this for you?
this is for you
first week
first month
first year
first day
I'm in the school
the school is far from my house
this is old
this is an old story
I will tell you about something
love yourself
it's great to help others
I wanted you to help me
you made it worse
I can't trust him
he is blind
are you blind?
he wrote an article about me
How are you?
What is your name?
Pleasure to meet you
How old are you?
I'm...old
Where do you live?
I live in....
What's your job?
What are your hobbies?
write slowly
Like what?
Give me an example?
I do swimming
How many times?
Every saturday morning
I also do some painting
I love exercising
 I'm also a dancer
What kind of dance you practice ?
I do comtemporary dance and hip hop
How many sibllings do you have ?
I have one brother and two sisters
I'm a unique child
I don't have sibllings
What do you do in your free time?
I hang out with my friends
I go to the gym
I read books
Have you been in a moroccan 7ammam before?
Yes I went
How was the experience?
Not bad
I loved the design
I enjoyed the massage
But it was too hot
Hassan is writing a letter
I wake up early in the morning
My brother speaks loudly
I'm trying to undertand
I bought a new pair of shoes
Do you play basketball?
I am a police officer
My sister is a docter
I'm a chef
I'm a taxi driver
He is planing a new trip
I'm working hard during exams
He loves to play with dogs
Did he cook dinner?
He broke the glass
We won the match
They talk too much
Does he drink coffee?
I sometimes forget my keys
He brushes his teeth
I eat chocolate every day
He wants something
Does he live in Fes?
Everything is perfect
She is a beautiful girl
We are traveling
I will call you later
Mouad is watching a movie
he drives a bicycle
He made me happy today
He is crying for a toy
He is not going to his office
He is not feeling well
He is not moving out side the city
He will not come to my birthday party
The coach is not satisfied
The player is not wearing his helmet
He stood on his tiptoes
He opened the door
He opens the jar carefully
He is crying
He is smililng
He is laughing
He is sleeping
He opened al the gifts
He was eating and talking
He is waiting for the train
The train is late
His dog barks a lot
Does he play tennis
Does he play football
He speaks English at work
He has no money for the moment
He doesn't listen to me
He doesn't talk to me
He is sick
Does he talk alot
Does he drinlk tea?
He has schoolwork to do
The train leaves in 10 minutes
He takes out the trash
He doesn't study on monday
He swims every morning
The course starts next week
He doesn't wash the dishes
He always forgets his purse
He doesn't have children
He won't go to school tomorrow
He talks very fast
He does the laundry
He is knocking the door
Everything is ready for the party
No one will come after him
He went fishing
He is very lazy
He would like to help you
He will get himself a coffe
He doesn't go to the gym
He is learning English by himself
he isn' telling the truth
He killed him
He is not an engeneer
He likes to paint by himself
He will not come with me
He really need someone
He can speak three languages
He can play the piano
He is reading a book
He likes to play soccer
He is going to the beach
He drinks a glass of water
He likes pizza
He is going home
He is singing a song
He is writing a letter
He takes a shower
He went shopping
He is lisening to music
He is watching TV
He slept well
He went for a walk
He is taking a nap
He is having a picnic
He is cleaning his room
He is calling his friend
He is eating a sandwich
He is playing cards
He is running in the park
He is watching the sunset
He takes a Taxi
He writes a story
He plays with the cat
He fixed the car
He went to the museum
He did his homework
He went to the doctor
He had a barbecue
He went shopping online
He called his mom
He had a meeting
He went to the zoo
He watched a documentory
He went to a comedy show
He had a conversation with his boss
He went to a charity event
He went to a flea market
I eat cookies
He went to a fashion show
He wrote a poetry
He went to a science museum
He watched a cooking show
He went to a spa
He went to a knitting club
He is happy
He is tall
He is short
He is skinny
He runs fast
He like ice cream
It's raining out side
Today is a sunny day
He has a car
He loves to read
He cooked dinner
He went shopping for clothes
He watched TV all day
He rode hisbike to work
He swam in the pool
He danced at the wedding
He run a marathon
He traveled to Europe
He went comping in the mountains
He took his kids to the cinema
He painted his room a new color
He visited his grandparents
He cleaned his room
He went to the dentist
He went to the library
He warched the sunset
He took a hot shower
He read a book in the park
He learned a new recipe
He is here
He is a musicien
He enjoys fishing
He enjoys natural walks
He needs a break
He helps other
He learns new things
He eats quickly
Wash your hands
Did he wash his face?
Whose kid is this?
What is going on?
Look at the sky
Close the wardrobe
Where is your friend?
Don't be late for the class
It is not true
Go and sleep on your bed
Respect your elders
Where are my clothes?
The moon is shining
He is afraid of darknes
You may fall
You have to be calm down
He borrowed a book from the library
Go and attend the class
This period is boring
He is not going anywhere
The homework is very easy
you may fall asleep
He comes to school by bus
He is disturbing me
He wants to be succeful
Listen to your elders
Don't make noise
Stop talking in the classroom
How dare you say that?
He wants to play with his friends
He is getting late for school
His father always drops him at school
My friend is abscent today
Clean the blackboard
Tomorrow will be a holiday
Where are my shoes?
You are right
He cuts his hair and nails
coffee is unhealthy
The bird is sitting on the branch
Keep this a secret
close the door please
"Go straight, then took the first left"
What i troubling you?
Come closer to me
He was bathing his kids
Our teacher is very good at teaching
Where is my book?
Complete your breakfast
Think about yourself
His father is a businessman
How long will he stay here?
Mark my words
He can not understand
It doesn't matter
This is not fair
As soon as possible
See you
The matter is clear
What did he say?
How much do you sell it?
What can I do for you?
I hop he understands
Do you have some money?
What's the time by your watch?
He doesn't know telling a lie
Don't worry !
He doesn't want to
Watch out !
Don't move !
He looks nervous
He looks angry
What is your problem?
It's uo to you
Put the books in order
He will call you later
Thank you for inviting us
Are you coming?
He has no idea
He is feeling tired today
Why is he up set?
Good day to you
Follow me
Do me a favor
Get out of my sight
What do you want from me?
Come with me
He has to leave early today
the table is short
He feels much better
Enjoy yourself!
I got it
Is he kidding?
It's all yours
He had no money
Call me anyday
He shall reach by 5
No he doesn't want it
Can I ask you something?
He is at home
Hurry up!
He is wasting my time
Thank you for your advice
Come on!
Is he joining us?
It really takes time
Why is he late?
Did you get it?
I can't believe it
What is happening here?
He knew it
See you next time
Are you done?
Is he married?
What is done is done
Please say something
Good afternoon!
He does not mean it
He did as he was told
He is on a diet
How much does he owe you?
He is busy
This work is not suiteble for him
Not yet
I love you
He can't wait any longer
Slow down!
Talk to you tomorrow
I apologize
What's the weather like?
He is going too fast
It's a good beginning
I feel sad for you
He abused me
Where did you get it?
Anything else?
Walk carefully
I agree
Go if you can
The time has come
He doesn't agree
Are you sure?
It is a strange thing
I'm sorry to intrupt you
Will you go there?
Can you turn the volume up?
What do you think ?
Where is he going?
Stop crying
Do as I say
He has a lot to talk about
What's new?
Can't complain
He has been busy
Would you like a drink?
He is not ready yet
He will pay
How is work going?
It was the least I could do
He is the light of my life
He will take it
He doesn't want to bother you
No problem
He is everything to me
He is divorced
He is thirsty
He is an american
He is starving
I miss your laugh
He doesn't have time now
He has a headache
Can you please repeat that?
What is your phone number?
What do you want to do?
Forget it
Call me back
When will you reach?
Give me a day
Shut up
You crossed my mind
he is in China
I don't like him
Bring it!
He is drinking water
Wake up!
Try again
Ask me
Get up
Turn on the light
Animals inhabit the forest
Wild animals live in the jungle
The mouse is a small animal
Many of wild animals live in Africa
The fastest animal is known as the cheetah
I like animals for example cats and dogs
The largest animal in the world is the blue whale
Cow gives us milk
You should not hurt animals
we should take care of them
Domestic animals
"They give us meat, transportation and companion"
we give them protection and shelter
The dog is loyal
Domestic animals co-exist with humans
unlike wild animals
Are you going to roast the chicken?
Put the chicken pieces in the casserole
Marinade the chicken breasts
He doesn't like the chicken wings
There is a smell of fried chicken
He made a chicken sandwich
Cats love to play
Camel lives in deserts
a camel has thick mouth
They move in packs
He killed the snake
He was frightened by the snake
He was bitten by a poisonous snake
The horse is my favorite animal
The horse is a majestic animal
Horses live in a stable
The butterfly is a small insect
butterflies can fly
Rabbit has sharp teeth
Rabbits hop from place to place
The lion is known as the king of the jungle
Ducks also lay eggs like chicken
He came riding on a donkey
The lifespan of a squirrel is about 3 to 8 yeas
Tiger is a wild animal
Giraffe can not swim
Bear has strong and sharp nails
Gorilla has a massive forhead
The panda is a shy creature
The panda is now a rare animal
It's a real crocodile skin
A frog came out of the water
The snake swollowed a frog
The wolf scared me
The shark is an aquatic animal
He is like a fox
He has a house of his own
This house need painting
He painted the house in green
This house has eleven rooms
It has tow bathrooms
It has tow bathrooms
I heared that he solde his house
His house is not far from here
He lives in this house by himself
The house is said to be haunted
Please wait out side
The door is locked
I've given up on the idea of buying a house
He gives up
There is a bus stop near the appartement
Where is the cupboard
Where is the cupboard
He painted the kitchen in yellow
Please close the house
He is laying on the sofa
He needs a pillow
He needs a blanket
He is drinking coffe in the balcony
He has a basement
He is sitting on the chair
The sink is dirty
The desk is messy
The icecream is in the freezer
He left the car in the garage
The television is not working
The television is not working
The phone is ringing
OMG! the wall is moving
I didn't get curtains yet
The table is made of wood
It's a beautiful chandelier
The fridge is empty
The mirror is broken
He didn't do the dishes
Turn on the lamp
I would like to drink a cup of tea
He didn't do the laundry
The washing machine is not working
He spent the entire day at the beach
Do you enjoy walking on the beach?
I love watching sunsets
I live near the sea
I love the waves sound
He went to the beach
Let's go to the beach
He picked up some shells
I love collecting shells
Does this bus go to the beach?
Our house faces the beach
He went swiming at the beach
I tanned myself at the beach
I prefer the beach than the pool
The sand was white
next week
Last week
Last week
Yesterday I went to the gym
I have exam tomorrow
Are you available next Saturday?
I'm busy next Friday
I hate Mondays
I'm traveling on Tuesday
I'm having an operation next Thursday
Moroccans eat couscous every Friday
Sunday is my off day
He went to the cinema last Wednesday
Last month
Last month
I'm graduating next year
He quit the job
I love my job
He is looking for a job
I have to go to work
I am tired of my work
Don't be late for work
He is concentrated with his work
When did you finish the work?
When did you finish the work?
I need a job
He can't find a job
Why did he quit the job?
This is why I quit the job
Is the job too much for you?
I'am a lawyer
He is a translator
I want to be a pilot
The waiter brought us the menu
Her father is an electrician
She's a university student
My hairdresser has opened a new salon
Do you really want to be a hairdresser?
I'm a journalsit
This is my cameraman
We had to call a plumber
To unblock the drains
He is a good chef
My sister is a model
She hired a private detective
I don't see myself as a housewife
She is the worst singer I know
She is my favorite singer
He graduated as an engineer
He employs a new gardener
The farmer poisoned the rats
The florist made up an attractive bouquet
I want you to be my wife
I want you to be my husband
I love to hang out
I love to cook
Salt is crucial for cooking
Don't overheat the oil
What do you have this afternoon?
In her free time she read books on cooking
What's the best method for cooking beef?
My mom has a gas stove
Cooking is his hobby
Prepare the sauce
The pasta is almost ready
You don't like my cooking
I like sweet food
I don't like spicy food
The medicine had a bitter taste
This apple is really sour
The milk has turned sour
The fruit was too sour
The soup has gone sour
The heat turned the milk sour
He gave her salty water
To make her vomit
Salty food makes one thirsty
I do not have much cooking experience
Are you cooking supper?
He has a cooking show
I miss her cooking
Don't you miss home cooking?
I will miss your cooking
I miss my mom's cooking
He aided his mom in cooking
His daughter is bad at cooking
I am cooking now
My sister is cooking in the kitchen
He isn't used to cooking
I don't have much interest in cooking
The smell of cooking makes me hungry
She is used to cooking
I hear you are good at cooking
Cooking takes too much time
I have to go and cook dinner
Did you have lunch?
I always have boiled egg for breakfast
Have you finished your breakfast?
Have you finished your breakfast?
He toasted bread
"For breakfast, I have a glass of orange juice"
A cup of cold milk
A cup of hot milk
A cup of hot chocolate
I like cheese
I always use butter in cooking
I prefer croisant than bread
I only have yougurt at dinner
He ate a whole pot of jam
Honey is good for you
I want to have a snack
I made a chocolate cake
I made a chocolate cake
He has lunch at school
I'm starving
I'm full
Let's have lunch !
I feel drowsy after lunch
I quickly ate lunch
Can I eat my lunch here?
I have have just eaten lunch
Have you eaten lunch?
Did you remember?
Can we lunch together?
Come on! I'll buy you lunch
He grew up in a healthy family
She had beautiful face
Face the wall
Stand up!
sit down!
Go to sleep
Stop laughing
Are you thirsty?
Haven't you slept well yesterday?
His face was still pale
He covered his face and wept
Don't cry
I'm with you
I have curly hair
he has straight her
He has black hair
He has white hair
First time on hair coloring
he has blonde hair
he has blonde hair
he is blonde
he is blonde
I have red hair
He dyed his hair grey
He is bald
he has short hair
he has long hair
he tied his hair back
He got a new haircut
he got a new haircut
he did up isr hair in a bun
he braided his hair
he sleeps with braided hair
he has big blue eyes
he has big black eyes
He has little brown eyes
My eyes are round
He has a big mouth
My eyebrows are thick
I have long eyelashes
I have long eyelashes
He has big ears
My hair is golden
Who is that girl with a pigtail?
He is handsome
He is handsome
He has a long face
I like his face shape
He has broad nose
He doesn't like his hooked nose
he has a large forehead
You look gorgeous
You look amazing
I like your dress
Does this skirt suit me?
This suit is perfect for me
Yellow doesn't suit me at all
He was dressed in a black suit
She looks handsome in this suit
I guess I'll wear a suit
Maybe he is sick
That jacket fits you perfecty
I like the color of your jacket
This jacket is available in various colors
This chair is comfortable
He was wearing a leather jacket
These shorts are too tie for me
I wear shorts all the time
Let's switch out the shorts
It's still too cold to wear shorts
The T-shirt was too small for him
He had bare feet
"The jeans, T-shirt, and sandals would suffice"
You can't wear the red pants
I need to buy a new pair of pants
The pink pants are his
You look so handome in these pants
I put on my bra
He put his hands into his pants pockets
He put his hand to his forhead
He was holding a pen
Is your hand clean
You can not clap with one hand
I tried to write with my left hand
He slapped his hand on the table
She lifted her hand to slap him
She took his hand and kissed it
He ran a hand throught his hair
Give me a hand!
"Hand me thet book, please"
The kid pissed his pants
The pants don't suit me
You look fat in this pants
This must be his pants
How much does this pants cost?
I spiiled coffe on my pants
he likes to wear tight pants
He checked his pants pockets
I wiped the dirt off my pants
Do you have any extra pants?
These pants are too big for me
He took his shoes off
He took his socks off
My socks snagged
Change your socks
He sniffed his socks
I prefer cotton socks
I don't like nylon socks
My socks aren't here
The socks smell bad
The socks stink
Whose socks are these?
I have to take off my socks
I'm not wearing socks
He like to wear socks with sandals
Are this my socks or your socks?
Can I borrow your socks?
He had his socks inside out
Was she wearing a seat belt?
He has a leather belt
he has a black belt in karate
I need a belt
he was wearing a red hat
he was wearing a red hat
May I try on this hat?
I recognized her by her white hat
Take your hat off
She picked up her hat
He wrapped his scarf around his neck
I prefer the silk scarft
I forgot my scarf
I like your scarf
I knitted a scarf
That scarf is ugly
Do you want a scarf?
Someone left his scarf
Cover you head with a scarf
Cover you head with a scarf
Cover you head with a scarf
Hold on to the scarf
He took off the gloves
I like wearing gloves
I need worm gloves
Are you really running in boots?
His boots were covered in mud
Muddy boots
he loves boots withheels
I can't walk in high heels
he was wearing high heels
I felt a little awkward
It's my first time wearing high heels
I wear slippers at home
I wear leggings at the gym
Hoodies are comfortable
This store do not have hoodies
I used to wear hoodies as a teenager
I wear tracksuit when practicing sport
Casual wear
Formal wear
Sports wear
Underwears
I am going to school
I need a desk
The desk is made of wood
The desk is made of wood
Don't put it on the desk
She found her purse under the desk
She folded her hands
There is a mound of papers on my desk
I have left my report at the desk
He arranged the books on the desk
He arranged the books on the desk
I recored all my thoughts in a notebook
A notebook is so helpful
Take out your notebooks
I need to buy a new notebook
His backpack seemed to be heavy
His backpack seemed to be heavy
he slung her backpack on the chair
I picked up my backpack
My pencil case is big
The pencil is in the pencil case
What's in your pencil case?
The pencil case is orange
I need a scissor
Do you have a pair of scissors?
Cut with scissors
Where are my scissors?
Hand me those scissors
These scissors cut well
These scissiors are not sharp
The stapler belongs to him
My stapler is not working
I need a calculator
Can you hand me the calculator?
Draw a line with ruler
I've used uo all the glue
Apply the glue
They are glued together
I need a glue
Don't use too much glue
This glue doesn't adhere to plastic
I have a binder
No worries
This computer is not working anymore
I'm broke
I need you by my side
I rarely use a protractor
"Yes, I have your eraser too"
"Yes, I have your eraser too"
Do you have a scotch tape?
I need a pencil sharper
He surpased me in maths
I'm not very cliver at math
he's our math's teacher
He got a good grade
No one can parallel him in math
My favorite subject is math
I am weak at math
I'm horrible at math
Are you in math class?
Math is my specialty
Wish me luck
I didn't study math at all
Take math as an example
You were never good at math
Did you pass your exam?
You are smart
You are dumb
I want to be a professor
History repeats itself
He is good at history
History of colonialism
History is my favorite subject
This is the history of my life
Today is history
Human history
he majored in history
This moment is history
The history of the church
I'm interested in history
Royal wedding
I like moroccan history
I've got to revise my greography
I like biology
I enjoy Englsh class
I am learning chinese
I am learning japanese
I am learning frensh
I am learning italian
I want to learn german
I want to lean darija
I like your accent
I want to learn russian
I learned turkish from movies
I like korean language
Indian language is difficult
Spanish language is beautiful
Arabic is coran's language
I started learning portuguese
I enjoy learning languages
The language of deaf and dumb
Venice city of lovers
I want ot visit Morocco
I live in Saudi Arabia
I live in Lebanon
I live in Qatar
I live in Egypt
I live in Spain
I live in Italy
I'm traveling to USA
I'm traveling to England
I'm traveling to Turkey
I'm traveling to belgium
I like Braziil
Honey moon
Japan is in Asia
India is in Asia
I have been to Asia
Many people live in Asia
He moved to Europe
Europe is in crisis
I went to Europe once
I don't like Europe
Europe is a continent
Europe is not a country
Europe is not a country
I've been all over Europe
I visited Paris
Europe was at war
Have you travelled in Europe?
I have been to Europe twice
I just go back from Germany
Where are going to Europe?
We don't have this in Europe
I decided to not go to Europe
Where are you traveling this summer?
We recently travelled to Europe
He will return soon
We met in Switzerland
What is like living in Sweden?
She visited Rome
How often have you been to Ukrain?
Africa is a big continent
Africa is home
He is from Africa
"Africa, right?"
Africa is booming
They were in Africa
He was born in Africa
He was born in Africa
I'm from north Africa
My father is in Africa
Africa has 53 nations
Africa is the furtur
He wants to go to Africa
Tunisia is located in north Africa
Africa is a large continent
the red sea
he spent his childhood in Africa
They sent him to north America
Mexico is located in north America
Canada is located in north America
My uncle is traveling
A lot to see in South America
That is the pacific ocean
The atlantic ocean is immense
The indian ocean is in the south of Asia
Arctic ocean
I am a muslim
I am a christian
I am a jewish
I have no religion
I believe in God
I am an atheist
I'm a religious person
It's against my religion
Do you believe in any religion
I have to go to the mosque
I took them to the mosque
This mosque needs a new imam
But there is only one mosque
They went to the mosque to pray
Have you ever prayed in a mosque?
This is an ancient mosque
Islamic calendar
Every muslim is fasting during Ramadan
Fasting is the best medecine
Don't twist my words
Let me finish
Don't interupt me
I haven't finish yet
I am thirsty
Let it slide
"It's not you, it's me"
I think we should split up
We should stop seeing each other
Don't meke a scene
Don't make a big deal
You are one of a kind
You are second to none
You are out of this world
It's spitting
It's raining cats and dogs
I got soaking wet
They are calling for rain
Why are you so nosy?
I am freezing
leave me alone
Get away
Get away
Get away
Don't take it out in me
I am not in the mood...
not the same
That's all right
Never mind
No harm done
Mind your own business
It's none of your business
Don't be so nosy
Let's get the ball rolling
Let me try to turn the volume up
You are on mute
He is a stubborn person
Shake a leg
Chop chop
I feel exhausted
I feel drained
I am stuffed
Long time no see
I haven't seen you in ages
the bananas are black
I've had enough
Thank you! you shoudn't have
On purpose
By mistake
It serves you right
It serves you right
You are stingy
Behave yourself
Enough is enough
Watch your mouth
Carry yourself
Get lost
You're out of line
I like steamed beef
This chicken is still raw
I zoned out
Button your lips
I am scared to death
I am shaking
I am shaking
Get straight to the point
Get straight to the point
Stop beating around the bush
Come again
"Can you repeat that, please?"
It's the dead of summer
I am in a soup
I am in a pickle
it's my treat
Appreciate yourself
Value yourself
You are breaking up
You are frozen
"So, are we good to go?"
I am in two minds
I have no clue
I don't have it
None of my business
None of my business
I don't care
I didn't hear
Why are you staring at me?
Why are you staring at me?
Stop looking at me
Take care of yourself
Treat yourself
You got to be kidding me?
Are you mocking me?
It's never too late
Stop blaming yourself
Don't get me wrong
I like allmonds
I like pistachios
I like raisins
Boot-licking
Buttring up
I have pimples
He has tiny a mole on his cheek
A cold sore on my mouth refused to heal
I like freckles
I like dimples
I have a birthmark
I have wrinkles
I want a toy
The dog scratched its ear
He was badly burned
That burn will leave a scar
How did you burn your hand?
I am just pulling your leg
I am just pulling your leg
Just kidding
Don't pin this on me
Don't look at me
Welcome anytime
It's not me who did it
He let out a loud sneeze
He sneezes a lot
I think I may sneeze
The smoke made him sneeze
The dust make him sneeze
He yawned
Try not to yawn
Do your best
You hit the spot
Exacltly
What's gone is gone
Wishing you a pleasant day
I can't take my eyes off of you
You look pretty as always
No rush
Third time pays for all
You should stop backbiting
He's been gossiping about you
Stop gossiping
I wasn't gossiping
He really likes gossiping
His hypocrisy makes me sick
I hate smocking
He's been gambling heavely
Gambling is a curse
He lost his money gambling
Stop gambling
I'll stop gambling
He loves gambling
He is a gambling addict
He was just gambling
Are you really gambling?
He has a gambling problem
I'm not gambling anymore
He is gambling again
You need to top gambling
Have you been spying on me?
I saw you spying on him
Who were you spying on?
He was pissed of and cursing
He was cursing and shouting
His arogance knew no limits
I dislike him for his arrogance
You are an open book
You wear your heart on your sleeve
I am up to ears
I have a lot on my plate
Never give up
Do it your way
Do whatever you want
Whatever floats your boat
Suit yourself
Suit yourself
Fair enough
Things will get better
Things will work out in the end
This storm will pass
Keep it a secrect
Don't spill the beans
I am beat
I am tired to the bone
I am spent
I am spent
I am floating on air
He took a sip of tea
I like the taste of garlic
I like to taste new things
This meat is difficult to chew
This meat is difficult to chew
Chew your food well
I chew gum
Don't forget to chew
Swallow iit
Don't chew it
It's hard for me to chew
He bit the apple
I won't bite
Does your dog bite?
He took out a loan
He took out a loan*
I asked the bank for a loan
I donated blood
He didn't pay the debt
No one enjoys paying taxes
Taxes will rise
He refused the bribe
Bribe
he inherited a fortune
After divorce you are forced to pay alimony
I set aside a good dowry for her
Don't worry your head about it
Take it easy
I can't help it
Don't play dumb
I've got feelings for you
I am crazy about you
You complete me
What are you implying?
"Drop,the subject"
What a nerve!
We are even
You bet
I'm all ears
I'm off
Same here
I lost my cool
They are dating
He is a widower
What is your social status?
He is an orphan
You don't say!
I don't eat lemons
Hang on!
Chill out!
Don't sweat it!
This the oldest church
He goes to church on sundays
You are an angel
You saved my life
He is not an angel
He sings like an angel
You are my angel
You are such a devil
He played like a demon
The adhen is a call to prayer
I am reading the holy Quran
Do you have a Bible?
The cross is the symbol of Christianity
I am an Imam
I am a priest
I am not a prophet
I believe in all prophets
Worship God everyday
They all worship the same God
He rejected Christianity
He became a Buddhist
It is an ancient Buddhist temple
Where there is love there is faith
I have faith in God
Happy birthday
When is your birthday?
It's a surprise
let's celebrate your birthday
He recieved a gift
He recieved a gift
Thank you for the gift
I want to buy him a gift
It's a gift for my brother
I bought this gift today
I want the gift wraped
What did you get in your bithday?
I forgot about his birthday
I'm making a juice
He puffed up the balloon
He popped the ballon
Can you blow up this balloon?
The clown tickled the kids
This clown looks funny
You are a clown
I like horror movies
I like watching romantic movies
I like comedy movies
I Llike drama movies
I am in the mood for a documentory movie
Bring pop corn with you
Bring pop corn with you
I like opera
I like classical music
I'm a big fan o Kpop
I want to dance whenever I hear Moroccan music
It's a tradition
Get your act together
So far so good
Time flies
A penny for your thought
A perfect storm
Add insult to injury
Add insult to injury
Don't put all your eggs in one bascket
Ignorence is bliss
It's a piece of cake
Kill two birds with one stone
Once in a blue moon
Saving for rainy days
The ball is in your court
There are other fish in the sea
There is no such a thing as free lunch
You can't have a cake and eat it too
You can't judge a book by it's cover
Calm before the storm
Challenge accepted
What would you say if I asked you out?
What is your opinion?
It's pretty hot
The weather is lovely
I hope it's sunny tomorrow
Let's hope everything goes well
If we're lucky
If I were you
If I were you
I suggest you stop now
Why don't you stop now?
you are lucky
Please don't be mad at me
Please accept my apology
i hope everything is okey?
I would like to know
Could anyone tell me what's the problem?
Wait and see
You'll just have to be patient
Give me an advice
Don't be so impatient
I'll be right with you
I'm a bit tied up
You can be sure
H've no doubt at all
I'm a hundred percent certain
Smile!
It's not the end of the world
Look at the bright side
I've never stolen
What a disaster
What a disaster
In your dreams!
You could be right
Nonsense
Rubbish!
You're coming along well
You're on the right line
Come on! you can do it
The bus was late
I had to wait ages for a bus
I couldn't find a parcking space
I got lost coming here
He was wearing a frown
He gave me a dirty look
He raised his eyebrows
I'm going to bed
Time for bed
I can't keep my eyes open
I can't remember
I'm completely forgotten
What was I thinking of?
It completely slipped my mind
Usually
In general
Get ready
the dood is big
Get well soon
Get out of my way
The choice is yours
It's your decision
I personally think...
In my humble opinion
I spent a lot of type playing
You'ill always find me working
Whenever I get the chance
I have a habit of sleeping alot
I don't expect they'll win
There is no chance
In the near future
There is nothing I like more than moroccan cuisine
You must be his wife
How is your wife?
What a concidence!
I am a bit depressed
how many boys?
Just round the corner
I really can't say
It doesn't affect me
That is an important question
I whish you were here
What is the purpose of your trip?
It's probebly going to rain tomorrow
It may rain tomorrow
The food is wonderful
Just lying on the beach
This is the life
It's not what I expected
There is nothing to do
I prefer to stay at home
You'll be fine
There is no need to worry
he grew up fast
Absolutely not
No but thanks for asking
I remember him very well
I will never forget
It's on the tip of my tongue
I hope you haven't forgotten
Bye for now
See you soon
In a word
It's not so easy
I can do it with my eyes shut
Anyone can do it
I'm very impressed
It's the best I've ever seen
Not too good
Not so great
That's a fishy story
That's a fishy story
A half-truth
Don't ask me
How the hell should I know?
What's up?
You look a bit down
Where can I find the tea?
It's out of stock
How would you like to pay?
Would you like a receipt?
That is the last thing I expected
he is still a child
I like this idea
You know what?
It's starting
"Where is the remote,"
It's a repeat
Are you watching?
Can I turn over?
My programme is on in a minute
It's bellow zero
What did you do last night?
Did you go outside last night?
Coffe just what I need
How shall I put it?
Hear
are you busy tomorrow?
Twist his arm
He stabbed me in the back
Face the music
I am under the weather
We need to make a plan
I woudn't do that if I were you
Could be bettter
I was busy
Same as yesterday
I owe you one
Glad to help
It happens
I forgive you
I'd like to meet my mom
Have you met my brother?
like him
and you?
It's getting late
May I speak with your boss?
He is not here
Would you like to leave a message?
Could you ask him to call me back?
Thanks for calling
I was wondering
From my point of view
I've never given it much thought
It doesn't make any diffrence to me
I have no opinion on the matter
Whatever
Not necessarily
Congratulations
i'm so happy for you
Poor you
I don't think I can
Maybe another time
Do you want some water?
Can I get you something to eat?
What about having a snack?
Maybe we should leave
I recommened going to doctor
Where do you work?
I'm not sick
I run my own business
I'm retired
Last but not least
Little by little
listen to me
Step by step
see?
Take it or leave it
I promise that I'll finsh on time
I need a new ring
it's a swing
do you like playing with the swing?
I will be there on time
Keep your promise
Just let the time show you
Just let the time show you
I have to admit it
I have made a mistake
I was the one to blame
I have an air fryer
Don't do it again
How are you feeling?
Do you want to talk about it ?
It was a difficult day
He made her very angry
What brings you here?
I'm on holiday
I bought a bike
I liked the bike
the bike is small
Do you have a facebook account?
do you have an instagram account
I live with my friends
I only I hadn't eat so much
If only I had driven carefully
You're new here
He knows the answer
Maybe he wants to quite the job
I guess you'e over 30 years old
I sympathize with you
Thank you for your support
You have a nice voice
I like your haircut
let me help you
If you wouldn't mind
Can you explain?
How comes?
I don't understand why?
Can you tell me why?
Do you like Tennis?
I can't stand him
I hate going to the dentist
I don't like washing dishes
I can't stand this smell
Can we met next Friday?
Let's meet this evening
When can I talk to you?
Sure I'll come
Saturday is fine
I'll be there at that time
I have another appointment
I can't come
Excuse me for interrupting you
May I say something?
Do you mind if I interrupt you?
Is it possible to repeat?
Before you move on
Can I just add something?
I was shocked
We're all in a complete shock
The news come as a complete shock
I've never guessed
My God! really?
Are you afraid of cats?
I'm afraid of being alone
I'm scared of snakes
I'm scared of spiders
I'm scared of spiders
I get scared very easily
I'm worried about her health
There is nothing to be afraid of
Are you out of your mind?
Before you begin
I bought sunglasses
brush your teeth
Take a shower
Go take a shower
The best place to begin
I would start by doing my make up
After that
The next step is..
When you finish that..
The last step is..
In the end
When you've completed all the step..
When you've completed all the step..
Anytime you need to talk just call me
Anytime you need to talk just call me
Just let me know
Teach me
Teach me
be patient with me
I'm really happy to inform you that you succeded
Are you ready for this?
You're not allowed to sit here
It's forbidden to smoke
You must not say that
Leave the window open
Feed the animals
Don't swim here
I bought a ring
Do you know where is his shop?
How can I get to the train station?
Can you show me the way ?
Where is the post office?
Can you show me on the map?
What's the best way?
Where is the airport?
How far is it from here?
What street is this?
Is this the way to the police station?
Is there a supermarket near hear?
What do you mean?
Are you following me?
Do you understand what I mean?
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Any question?
Got it?
I don't follow you
the cars are many
Could you clarify that?
Could you explain that?
Could you say that again?
Coud you put it diffrentely?
Let me explain
Let me clarify for you
I hope to see you
He will win the show
I will buy a new car
I'd like to hear you view
What are your symptoms?
How are you feeling today?
Are you feeling any better?
Do you have any allergies?
How long have you been feelig like this?
Do you have any medicine?
I have a sore throat
I have a high blood pressure
I have pain in my back
I'm in a lot of pain
I have a stomch ache
My head is spinning
I'm dizzy
I have difficulty breathing
I am not sleeping very well
Congratulations on your promotion
Congratulations on your graduation
You deseve it!
Wish a happy married life
I help you because I like you
I want to pass the exam
I'm too fat
I'm too skiny
I can't run fast
I will do anything to make you happy
I didn't eat anything
I did it because of you
I did it because of you
The flight was canceled
He was fired
He was fired
I coudn't come to your party
May I introduce myelf?
I would like to introduce myself
I would like to introduce myself
What time is it?
How long have you been waiting?
What time can we met?
It's ten O'clock
It's midnight
It's 6 AM
See you at 8 PM
My watch is stopped
Don't waste your time
We have plenty of time
Give me a little more time
Time goes by so fast
I can read
I can write
i can speak
You have a good pronounciation
I would like to improve myself
My English is not good
Please speak slowly
I saw a lion
Answer the phone
Turn off the TV
I have no doubt
I don't know yet
I saw you this morning
Let's play cards
Thank you for your invitation
It's very nice of you
I don't like myself
Give me the book
Take me home
Tell me what happen
What have you been up lately?
I'm afraid of you
I love my parents
I want to travel the world
New cultures
I want to discover Indian culture
I don't fear anyone
I fear only God
God is close to us
Can you translate it for me?
Everyone knows
Everyone knows
save me
I don't know how to use it
I don't want to bother you
I'm coming o pick you up
I've been here for two days
Just a little
Let me check
Right here
it smells bad
your things are all here
I want to leave
Drop out from school
Can I get to the toilet?
Switch off the lights
can I start ?
can I stop?
can I stand up?
Can you speak louder?
Do we have to write this down?
Clean the boared
Who is your teacher?
Isn't your friend coming today?
What's for lunch today?
Did you come on foot?
What page?
Pack your things
There is no homework today
Back to your place
Did you miss the bus?
Who is absent today?
Stop talking
with
with
with me
with me
with her
with them
with them
with us
with us
with him
with him
with him
I have
I have
he has
he has
she has
they have
they have
we have
in me
I can
in him
he can
in her
she can
in them
in them
in them
they can
they can
they can
in us
we can
my turn
your turn
our turn
your turn
your turn
their turn
their turn
beside me
beside me
beside you
beside you
beside him
beside him
beside her
beside her
beside us
beside us
beside them
beside them
beside them
like this
like this
like this
alright
not sure
not sure
not sure
in fact
Hi
enough
wait
wait
wait
people
people
people
people
thanks
thanks
please
please
please
please
pay attention
pay attention
absolutely
whatsoever
moroccan dialect
again
again
again
in
if
Mr
Mme
Mr
Mr
yes
no
you have
you have
she has
you have
you have
you have
available
available
will
non
even
even
only
only
could
could
still
sure
better
better
let us
let us
some
lady
whether
i am sorry
i am sorry
thank you
Mr.
Mrs.
Mr.
Mr.
Mr.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mr.
Mrs.
cheers
hurry
hurry
stop
tell me
here it is
here she is
here they are
here they are
anyway
anyway
just
just
let us go
let us go
impressive
impressive
outside
outside
ground floor
ground floor
no worries
give me
what did you say
sure
ok
ok
busy
hello
hello
Hi
Hello
Hello
welcome
fine
fine
goodbye
goodbye
please
please
please
so
by the way
of course
of course
I get it
either way
either way
either way
make sure
make sure
for me
take care
take care
take care
really!
really!
it suits you
it suits you
it suits you
it suits you
at least
at least
at least
at least
no idea
no idea
etc
really
really
really
husband
husband
wife
wife
arrogant
a while ago
a while ago
good morning
suddenly
good evening
good evening
good night
thank god
nice to meet you
nice to meet you
have a nice trip
how are you brother
thank you
you are welcome
you are welcome
sorry
good recovery
good luck
good luck
congratulations
your good health
I wish the same for you
my condolences
my condolences
god have mercy on him
be careful
be careful
this is weird
do not worry
never mind
next time
nonsense
nonsense
really
really
see you
I will be back
what time is it
what time is it
are you
can you
remind me
how much is this
how much is this
please come in
what is wrong
every day
where are you
past
unusual
valuable
sudden
electric
cool
mad
full-time
gastric
gastric
comparable
excessive
excessive
short-term
short-term
accessible
accessible
minimal
irrelevant
irrelevant
relevant
useless
useless
worthy
lucky
satisfactory
day-to-day
doubtful
incredible
incredible
costly
large-scale
large-scale
underground
meaningful
noisy
noisy
noisy
noisy
immune
absurd
absurd
absurd
absurd
unprecedented
invaluable
premature
unwanted
unwanted
unwanted
unwanted
consider
consider
consider
trade
no worries
perfect
that's why
monthly
daily
daily
yearly
yearly
weekly
weekly
hourly
each time
each time
soon
smithereens
forever
forever
hey
possessor of
lately
the
the
the
a
an
any
another
another
quick-witted
sweet
crystal clear
impressive
turning a blind eye
turning a blind eye
inevitable
unashamed
controversial
back and forth
randomly
mature
worthwhile
wealthy
suspicious
furious
safe and sound
unchanged
arbitrary
superfluous
talented
nice-looking
quickly
quickly
quickly
courteous
he's a good man
the whole ball of wax
chew the rag
chew the fat
he is lying
stop lying
he's screwed
I'm angry
aren't you embarrassed
shame on you
The early bird gets the worm
Hurrying up too much can make you late
The past is dead
Change the subject
Throws a wrench into the works
spills the beans
that suits me
it's on you
shame on you
properly
frequently
digs his heels in
turn a blind eye
second
second
minute
hour
day
day
yesterday
now
now
today
tomorrow
the day before yesterday
the day before yesterday
the day before yesterday
the day after tomorrow
week
week
month
year
century
monday
tuesday
wednesday
wednesday
thursday
thursday
friday
friday
saturday
saturday
sunday
sunday
sunday
weekend
weekend
january
february
march
april
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december
january
february
march
april
april
may
june
july
july
august
august
september
september
october
november
november
december
december
time
present
future
past
past
quarter to
five past
five past
five past
ten past
ten past
quarter past
quarter past
quarter past
half past
half past
half past
half past
thirty five past
thirty five past
thirty five past
thirty five past
twenty to
twenty to
ten to
ten to
five to
five to
since
night
night
morning
evening
evening
midday
midday
period
period
clock
clock
occasion
half an hour
half an hour
half an hour
quarter of an hour
quarter of an hour
quarter of an hour
twenty minutes
twenty minutes
twenty minutes
twenty minutes
inconvenience
inconvenience
bother
thing
thing
thing
friend
flattery
flattery
flattery
flattery
mockery
mockery
mockery
angry
angry
hunger
tea kettle
tea kettle
black
black
black
like this
like this
like this
fat
nonsense
nonsense
man
man
fill my cup
fill my cup
fill my cup
i do not know
i do not know
i do not know
i do not know
i warn you
i swear
i swear
whatever
anyway
anyway
anyway
anyway
child
child
a bit
a bit
bye
many
many
well
special
special
peculiar
peculiar
weird
tiny
smile
baby
kid
kid
deal
deal
noise
noise
noise
rainbow
rainbow
rainbow
well done
well done
great job
great job
noticeable
feasts
excellent
be quiet
be quiet
be quiet
extra
ridiculous
ridiculous
swiftly
feasible
swift
blow my mind
blow my mind
blow my mind
blow my mind
found
stare
bold
bold
bold
tricky
a good deal
a good deal
oh god
""
""
""
oh
good evening
bad guy
bad guy
harry up
harry up
harry up
harry up
oh
homie
homie
homie
distubance
distubance
distubance
brother
brother
brother
brother
sister
sister
see you
see you
really bad
really bad
good morning
good morning
good morning
good morning
good night
good night
good night
taunt
he lost his mind
He has a good sense of humor
He has a good sense of humor
He has a good sense of humor
anything
anything
i don't eat dairy
i am allergic to...
please bring me...
do you have...?
we would like to have...
it is too sweet
i want tea with no sugar
are you married?
are you married?
i am married
how many children do you have?
this is my friend
this is my friend
i miss my family
what is this river's name?
it is very beautiful here
the fields are beautiful
it is hot today
it is cold today
it will rain tomorrow
the mountains here are pretty
i feel cold
does it snow a lot here?
where is the souk please?
please give me...
how much is that...?
how much is that...?
give me a kilo of...
too expensive
remove a little bit
can i try it on?
it doesn't kit
do you have it in any other color?
i don't want this one
i want to buy this
i want to buy stamps
i want to send...
how much is it to send a post card to the usa?
i am sick
i am sick
i feel tired
i have a headache
my stomach hurts
i have diarrhea since yesterday
where is the hospital? please
"i need to see the nurse, please"
what time does the clinic open please?
how do you feel?
are you okay?
you should drink more water
what do you grow in your garden?
how often do you growonions?
how often do you water your garden?
i worked in my garden all day
how is the harvest this year?
you need to water the garden
do you like castles being restored?
what materiels do you use in the construction?
"what do you prefer, building traditionally or modern?"
how is the construction going?
can i help you?
how old is the building?
do you live in this building?
how many rooms are there?
where is the craftsman please?
are you a tourist?
are you a tourist?
"excuse me, i want to go to bed"
i want a blanket
i want to wash my hands with soap
i've been waiting for you for two hours
he's been asleep for a long time
he's been in morocco for three years
i want to brush my teeth
"i want hot water, please"
i want to take a shower
i want to go to the hammam
i want to change my clothes
i want to do laundry
where can i do laundry?
i'm sick
i'm sick
i want to rest a bit
do you feel better?
i want to go to
take me to  please
"stop here, please"
is the meter on?
"turn on the meter, please"
may god grant you grace
i don't understand
i don't know
slowly please
repeat please
repeat please
what did you say?
do you have change?
do you have change for  ?
i want ½ a liter of milk
my mom doesn‟t work
my mom and dad are divorced
i have two twin siblings
how many siblings do you have?
how many sisters do you have?
what's your father's name?
how old is your brother?
i have a younger brother
my (male) cousin and i are the same age
my older sister is a teacher
my younger brother goes to school
how will you be able to tell me?
"i'm good now, what do you have?"
did you understand something?
"you're sweet, do you want to be with me?"
i want to know what's happening?
what's your name again?
i'm going to think about this
who knows about what's going on?
i want to be able to buy this
how can you say this?
i'm going to think about this a lot
this is a book
the car which is red is expensive
omar is the tallest man in the city
"yesterday, i drank tea without sugar"
"last week, said wrote a letter tohis friend"
"last year, we traveled to newyork"
"last sunday, i went to the medina and bought a jellaba"
they sang at the party on saturday
i opened the window and i closed the door
i felt cold
i've never eaten hamburger
she has never been abroad
he has never spoken arabic
what are you doing here?
what are you doing here?
i am on holiday
we are on holiday
i am on a business trip
i work here
we work here
where are the good places to go out and eat?
is there a museum in the neighbourhood?
where could i get an internet connection?
i get it
do you want to learn a few words?
do you want to learn my language?
"yes, sure!"
what's this called?
it's a table
can you repeat please?w
"can you talk a bit more slowly, please ?"
"could you write it down, please?"
i like the colour of this table
when did you get here?
how long are you staying for?
i'm leaving tomorrow
i'll be leaving the day after tomorrow
i'll be leaving in three days
what time are you leaving at?
"morning, at eight o'clock"
"morning, at a quarter past 8"
"morning, at half past 8"
"morning, at a quarter to nine"
i am late
i am late
where would you like to go?
i'm going to the train station
i'm going to the hotel
"can you take me to the airport, please?"
can you take my luggage?
is it far from here?
no it's close
yes it's a little bit further away
how much will it be?
"take me there, please"
you go right
you go left
it's straight on
it's right here
it's that way
stop!
"can i have a receipt, please?"
do you have family here?
i really like your country
i love you
i am happy
i am sad
i feel great here
i am cold
i am hot
it's too big
it's too small
it's perfect
do you want to go out tonight?
i would like to go out tonight
it is a good idea
i want to have fun
i want to have fun
it is not a good idea
i don't want to go out tonight
i want to rest
would you like to do some sport?
"yes, i need to relax"
i play tennis
no thanks i am tired already
would you like to have a drink?
with pleasure
what would you like?
there is water or fruit juices
"can you add some ice cubes, please?"
"nothing, thanks"
cheers!
can we have the bill please?
"excuse me, how much do i owe?"
it's on me
where can we eat?
where can we have lunch?
what do you want to eat scrambled eggs or fried eggs or a boiled egg
"can i have a knife, please?"
"yes, i'll bring it to you right away"
is it a warm dish?
"yes, very hot also!"
i'll have fish
me too
"it's late, i have to go!"
shall we meet again?
this is my address
do you have a phone number?
i had a lovely time
"me too, it was a pleasure to meet you"
we will see each other soon
i hope so too
see you tomorrow
excuse me! i'm looking for the bus stop
how much is a ticket to the city?
"where does this train go, please?"
does this train stop at the city?
when does the train for the city leave?
when will this train arrive in the city?
"a ticket for the city, please"
do you have the train's time table?
"excuse me, which train goes to the city?"
do you have a room available?
is there a bathroom in the room?
would you prefer two single beds?
do you wish to have a twin room?
how much is it for a night?
i would like to see the room first
"yes, of course"
"thank you, the room is very nice"
"ok, can i reserve for tonight?"
"it's a bit too much for me, thank you"
"could you take care of my luggage, please?"
"where is my room, please?"
it is on the first floor
is there a lift?
the elevator is on your left
the elevator is on your right
"where is the laundry room, please?"
it is on the ground floor
let's meet in the meeting room?
the swimming pool is heated
"please, wake me up at seven am"
"the key, please"
are there any messages for me?
"yes, here you are"
"no, we didn't receive anything for you"
where can i get some change?
please can you give me some change?
"excuse me, is sarah here?"
"yes, she's here"
she's out
you can call her on her mobile phone
do you know where i could find her?
she is at work
she is at home
"excuse me, is julien here?"
he's out
do you know where i could find him?
you can call him on his mobile phone
he is at work
he is at home
do you know where i can buy a ball?
there is a store in this direction
is it dangerous to swim here?
"no, it is not dangerous"
"yes, it is forbidden to swim here"
what is the weather forecast for tomorrow?
the weather is going to change
it is going to rain
t will be sunny
it will be very windy
"can you help me, please?"
i'm lost
what would you like?
what happened?
where could i find an interpreter?
where is the nearest chemist's shop?
"can you call a doctor, please"
which kind of treatment are you undergoing at the moment?
i lost my papers
my papers have been stolen
leave me alone!
go away!
be a lion and eat me
he knocks and says who is there
when pigs fly
little drops make the mighty ocean
lock so that you can find what to unlock
he who fears survives
the eyes see but the hands cannot reach
frankness is peace of mind
a friend in need is a friend indeed
better luck next time
he knew it was going to be a bad day
i covered my friend in baby oil
"if i don't like something, i'll stay away from it"
he still regretted that specific moment
we will not allow you to bring your dog
he decided to enjoy his life
there's a message for you if you look up
warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun
the weather is good today
we are going to the beach
i bought new clothes
i adopted a dog
i bought fruits and veggies
i got a haircut
i fixed my phone
this song is beautiful
i dont understand this language
the tv broke down
i have to go pay the supermarket
i caught cold this summer
i called my friends to go take lunch together
i found the cafe closed
i am going to try a new cafe
i should buy a new car
i will travel next week
i dont see well i should change my eyeglasses
a thief stole my bag yesterday
i broke my camera which i record with youtube videos
i succeeding at getting my driving license
i failed the exam
i am going to get massage for my feets
cows are smelly
i just took a nap
i went to a concert yesterday
im going to new york next week
i just woke up
i'm going to eat
i have no appetite
i need to take medicine
i'll have some fruits
it's so hot today
i'm freezing
i'm not enjoying this breakfast
my back is itchy
i ate a lot
i just got in the car
i'm visiting my grandmother
i have a lot of things to do today
this is so cool
my eyes are so puffy
i just went to the hairdresser
i don't think i like this new hair on me
my favorite team won the match
i'm playing basketball with my friends
i got the highest score
i'm craving moroccan pancakes
the meeting went good
i need to leave for work
i bought a new camera
i'm taking photos of this beautiful landscape
i'm so sad that i need to leave
i would love to  stay here forever
i'm watching a movie
i need to do my homework
i'll go run some  errands
this box is so heavy
you can talk to me
don't be shy
i'll introduce you to my parents
i'm entering a reading competition
i have to finish reading this book
i will draw a portrait of you
this new brushes are handy
my work is finally done
i'm finally allowed to go home
my fingers are hurting from writing
i'm adopting this cat
i'm craving some chocolate
i want to drink some mint tea
i miss my hometown
i made some new friends
i'll go stargazing
i wonder when i will come back to the city
i'm lighting a candle
i just took a shower
i'm going to dry my hair
i need to sleep now
i'm so tired
i'm heading to my office
i feel like  forgot something
i need to pack  my luggage
i will unpack the luggage tomorrow
i lost my keys
i'm in big trouble
i'm having a day off
i need to shave my beard
it's very cold today
i'm going to exercise at the gym
the sky is so clear
my neighbors are so noisy
my phone got stolen
my eyes are burning
i will go walk my dog
the house needs some cleaning
do you want to eat some ice cream
i'm never doing this again
i always wanted to live  in the house with big windows
this table is so dirty
my friend sells blankets
we have bigger problems to worry about
i changed my mind
i don't like this tea
this is the best juice i've had so far
it's up to you
that's everything for now
why are you in such a hurry
he has skipped classes a lot this year
that's a bit of an exaggeration
i don't know anyone who would like to go to this concert with me
i'll do it right away
her expression was unreadable
i'm cutting down on sweets
it's pouring outside
i need an umbrella
i'm taking you with me
i'm moving out
i want to have some fun with you
i am resolved to give up smoking
i'm so happy today
i'm not sure if i wanna go or not
my mum is not moroccan
i owe you 1000dh
can you open the door please?
how long does it take?
her grandmother gave her the bracelet
this is the biggest cat i've ever seen
the wind was strong today in the city
she wants to be a dentist
i love watermelons
i miss my best friend
no one can move this box
cry all you want no one cares
the view is breathtaking
how do i get to library?
where is the nearest post office?
can you tell me the way to the hotel?
are we on the right road for london?
"can you show me on the map, please?"
i'm looking for this address
go up...
it's on the corner
cross...
turn right
it's in the middle of the block
you will pass a süpermarket on your left
take this road
turn right at the crossroads
it's on your left
it's on your right
it's about 100 meters from here
take the first road on the right
take the second road on the left
it's next to...
"my body says yes, but my heart say no"
maybe another time
i am not accepting anything else at this time
"we appreciate the offer, but ..."
"i'm not really into it, but thanks for asking!"
"i'd rather not, thanks"
that's not going to work for me
"sounds fun, but i'm not available"
"i want to, but i'm unable to"
i just don't have that to give right now
i'm not able to commit to that right now
it is not a good idea for me
"apologies, but i can't make it"
you bring joy to my life
all i do is think of you
i love being around you
i'm infatuated with you
you crossed my mind
i appreciate you
i feel sad without you
you inspire me
you are my reason for living
you occupy my thoughts
i miss your laugh
i adore you
you're everything to me
you're the light of my life
i'm head over heels for you
i want a lifetime with you
can i go out?
can i answer the question?
can i switch off the lights?
"teacher, please can you repeat again?"
can i open the window?
can we pack our things now?
what page are we on?
i am ready may i start it?
what is the homework?
do we have to write this down?
sorry for being late
may i close the window?
can i go to the board?
can i come in?
can i pull up the blinds?
can i pulldown the blinds?
may i join the class/group?
"can you explain it once more, please?"
may i go out please?
is this right?
is this correct?
i am sorry i did not hear
"can you speak louder, please?"
which book?
when is the exam?
when is the homework for?
i have done this
can i go to the toilet?
do you have a smaller size?
where is the changing room?
do you know where else i could try?
do you have this item in stock?
do you offer a cash discount?
do you have any strawberry?
how much is this?
do you have a bigger size?
do you sell organic vegetables?
could you help me please?
where can i weight my groceries?
does it come with a guarantee/warranty?
i'm looking for a leather handbag
would you have this in another color?
do you have something less pricey (expensive)?
where is the fitting room?
"please, accept my apologies for..."
i apologize for...
"please, forgive me for my..."
i must apologize for...
that's my fault
please don't be mad at me
how stupid thoughtless of me
i'm really ashamed of what i did
i'm really sorry about what i said
i hope you'll forgive me for...
"that's a good question, but i don't know"
i'm not the best person to answer that
i'm afraid i've no idea
i can't remember off the top of my head
i don't have any information about that
that's exactly what i'm seeking to answer
who knows?
let me check on that
i'm not 100% sure on that
i'ii double check and let you know
i quite understand
you couldn't help it
forget about it
don't worry about it
that's all right
it doesn't matter
don't worry you're forgiven!
it's ok
no need to...
no harm done
don't apologize
never mind
there's no need to it's all right
never mind i quite understand
"not for me my friend, thanks"
i have something else
"i'd like to, but i know i'ii regret it"
"i really appreciate you asking me, bu t i can't do it"
i really appreciate you asking me but i can't commit to that right now
"no, thanks"
thanks for thinking of me but i can't
unfortunately not
i'm afraid i can't
maybe another time
i'm sorry i'm busy
that's not going to work for me
maybe next time
i'd love to but can't
"my body say yes, but my heart say no"
i wish i could make it work
i am honoured that you asked me but i can't do it
i wish you a wonderful birthday!
i hope you have a fantastic day and a fantastic year to come
hope you have an enjoyable birthday! you deserve it
that thin girl is drinking milk now
the police caught the robbers yesterday
we like our teacher
my mother is looking after my baby sister
the tall man has just written a letter
the students have solved some mathematics problems
mary will visit her aunt tomorrow
my boss reads newspapers every day
the audience enjoyed the movie
i have made some chocolate cakes
the short man has bought his son some crayons from a shop
the oldman has just shown the policeman his driving license
the  doctor gave the patient some medicine
my uncle brought me a bouquet of flowers last week
the customer is paying two hundred dollars
he has never told his brother the secret
her best friend sent her a gift from japan
her mother cooked her a delicious tajine
no one in the street has ever given the blind woman any help
the dog owner gives a bone to his dog every day
the students sent a present to their teacher
the gardener handed some flowers to me
my mother has already taken a cup of coffee to my father
she found a seat for me in the concert last sunday
betty has painted a beautiful picture for her best friend
we bought a pair of gloves for our uncle on his birthday
the tailor made a new dress for the princess
judy has baked some chocolate cookies for me
his success made his parents happy
cows give us milk
the train has just left the station
paris is the capital of france
our family spent the holiday in london
do you drink coffee with milk and sugar?
"what's more important, health or wealth?"
some rabbits ran out of the forest
my brother had a toothache last week
the yellow car over there belongs to him
"this cat is beautiful, but mine is more beautiful"
who gave her the money?
he cut himself when he was shaving
"which do you prefer, an apple or an orange?"
there is nobody here
the teacher can hear them talking
she explained it to me yesterday
i found these tickets on the floor yesterday are they yours?
you should help yourself
people love chicago
i heard you two had a fight
he doesn't teach math
i'd be very surprised if that happened
nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer
a sun burn can peel if its bad enough
you may choose whatever you like
i made a juice for you
i went back to bedroom
i added his name to the book
he is a smart boy
he was dressed like a bear
there's creepers everywhere
where do you live?
come on down!
how big of an idiot are you?
he needs to sharpen his pencil
big men are not always strong
i miss my friends
i can't swim after i drink milk
he knows english better than i do
i feel like i am going to pass out
it's the third largest city in serbia
she promised she would reserve a room for me
she told me that she had bigger fish to fry
his eyes were glazed over
i was dying of boredom at work today
we can make ice cream
they rode their bikes to the beach
i could help dad around here
let me see!
what a big supermarket!
do you like animals?
has she texted you back yet?
the library was quiet until we got here
i don't think you should go out with him
a red jacket compliments any outfit
i am ready for the next step
he is my classmate
thinking of the past is not worth it
i wish i could give you a big birthday hug
"no, i haven't cleaned my room yet"
he thinks he is very handsome
they made crispy chicken
i've never voted with him on anything
it's stressful to watch other people sing
"it's quite a big deal, isn't it?"
i've got a surprise for you
the papers were mixed together in a big box
they will arrive in half an hour
he hung a picture on the wall
"to be honest, i'm twenty"
pandas should come hug me
she was terrified of her building's elevator
she's as white as a sheet
there are many new recipes
apple picking is not in season
i don't like desk lamps
he can't take the joke
that car's so big that parking is difficult
is there anything i can do to help?
the woman wasn't replying to her emails
i've got a list
he was excited to ski
house prices have gone up this year
i like cucumbers and olives
my sister just got home
we are going to the hospital tonight
"no, i can't clean your house it's too big!"
love turns us blind
hairless cats scare me
"when i am hungry, i eat"
she was very tired and frustrated
he is whistling at the car
"don't be silly, you're going to the game!"
she had a hairless cat when she was a kid
there are so many sandwiches on the table
i was called into the police station
the snake in the grass made me jump
george works on a small farm
bailey wishes he had a nicer car
it was a massive lightning storm
i will open the door
i've got too much work to do
she froze at the sight of the big spider
what did you dress up as last halloween?
is the room big enough for you?
"sit down and cross your legs, please!"
there is nothing holding us back
they are cruel to the animals
there comes a bus
i am grateful for my friends
he has the ability to carry out big plans
he's not telling the whole truth
"when we were young, we rode bikes daily"
i don't know how to write a lot of things
i want to pull my hair out
they saw giraffes
john went to the store
that is a great idea
the kitchen required updating
asia has a very long history
they live in a beautiful house
last time i went on vacation i rode a horse
it's much bigger than i thought it would be
you're taking a risk coming here
the old lady needed help crossing the street
he found my lecture very interesting
stand up and catch that ball!
please don't touch that!
why on earth would you wear a tie like that?
it is not so easy as you think
it felt great to disconnect with my phone
i'd heard you were on the waiting list
we reached london this afternoon
she knows new york like the back of her hand
he is only about 180cm tall
plenty of sleep is healthful
could you tell me the way to the station?
i get on the bus
don't open the door!
he invited me to dinner yesterday
mary brushes her teeth twice a day
blue eyes are brighter than brown
i was okay the second i shot him
that television is both big and expensive
he will blame you for the accident
he will do anything but work
they can be divided into three groups
what's your favorite ice cream flavor?
so what's the big hurry now?
could this be the start of something big?
i want white teeth
today is a great day
her grandmother gave her the bracelet
he wore a costume to the party
he is worried about you
there are no dogs bigger than this one
i stepped on a piece of gum today
she was scared by the earthquake
i smelled the fragrance of garlic cooking
you guys can leave whenever you want
i hope your trip is relaxing
tom had big money problems
don't be nervous!
i want a big happy family
will you be free tomorrow evening?
do you deliver to this address?
i will never forget that day
our past is important to remember
he never calls this late at night
she wasn't sure if she liked him or not
i bet he'll be late
it is what it is
i am starting work soon
i prefer to go rather than to stay
get away from me!
i am looking for some pears
it's time to watch tv
china is twenty times bigger than japan
the teacher was a little angry
tom is a baseball fan
pandas never stop eating and i'm jealous
i have something to tell you
he left in a huff
i went to the dentist for a check up
that was a stroke of luck
is that it?
you need to calm down
i love rain
everyone was in on the joke except for me
it's bound to happen eventually
i just found on thee coolest pillow
we have a large supermarket
this shop is much nicer
it's a significant part of history
what's new?
what a big house you have!
the laptop became warm
that is not a pencil
he was trained to do this
you have some schoolwork to do
we liked the movie
i'll make a list and give it to samantha
the businessman had many important meetings
that is fake news
the party takes place in a school
you'd better wear a light jacket
a skirt can be fancier than jeans
do you guys have any big plans tonight?
what's wrong with my shirt?
how long have you been seeing her?
i love to read books
the cat chased the mouse
he smiled and waved at me
the stars twinkled in the sky
the coffee was strong and aromatic
the children played joyfully in the park
the flowers bloomed in vibrant colors
the wind rustled the leaves
he wore a cap to shield himself from the sun
the car sped down the highway
the smell of freshly cut grass filled the air
he solved the puzzle with ease
the moonlight illuminated the path
the alarm clock rang loudly
the butterfly landed on a flower
the chef prepared a delicious meal
the train whistled as it passed by
the sand felt warm beneath her feet
the basketball game was intense
the teacher explained the concept clearly
the ice cream melted quickly in the sun
the library was filled with the scent of books
the scientist conducted experiments in the lab
the child's laughter was loud
he whispered a secret in her ear
she collected seashells along the shore
the sunsets here are always breathtaking
she tied her shoes and went for a run
the magician pulled a rabbit out of the cap
the chef plated the dish with precision
the actor delivered an emotional performance
the mathematician solved the complex equation
the birds soared high in the sky
the newborn puppies were adorable
the telescope revealed distant stars
the fisherman cast his line into the water
the engineer designed innovative solutions
the robot efficiently completed its task
the scientist made a groundbreaking discovery
the children built sandcastles on the beach
the mechanic fixed the car's engine
the architect designed an innovative building
the scent of rain was in the air
the librarian organized the books
the snowfall coated the world in white
the dog barked at the mailman
the rainbow appears just after raining
the clouds painted a wonderful canvas in the sky
the fireworks lit up the sky
the customer examined the item with a critical eye
the cashier greeted the customer with a warm smile
the price tag seemed a bit high
the customer asked about the product's features and benefits
the shopper compared different brands before deciding
the shopper paid with cash to avoid credit card fees
the store offered a discount for loyalty program members
the customer debated whether to buy now or wait for a reduction
the item was carefully wrapped to prevent damage
the shopper left the store feeling satisfied with the purchase
the price seemed reasonable for the quality of the product
the customer was impressed by the item's durability
the store had a limited time promotion on selected items
the price was well within the customer's budget
the customer compared prices between different stores
the price tag included both the base price and taxes
the item was exactly what the customer was looking for
the cashier thanked the customer for their purchase
the price was too high for the customer
"the price was affordable, especially with a discount applied"
the shopper compared prices using a price comparison app
the price was a steal for the features the item offered
the game was intense from start to finish
the team's strategy on the field was well coordinated
the crowd's cheers were imprssive throughout the stadium
the goal celebration was a moment of pure joy
the team's defense held strong against the opponent's attacks
the referee's decisions were closely scrutinized by both sides
"the match was a display of skill, agility, and teamwork"
the commentator's insights provided context to the game
the first half saw several close chances for both teams
the goalkeeper's quick reflexes saved crucial shots
"the match ended in a thrilling draw, leaving fans eager for more"
the corner kick presented an opportunity for a goal
the ball possession statistics revealed each team's dominance
the goal came in the dying minutes of the match
the attacking strategy relied on short passes
the fan support created an electrifying atmosphere
the defender's sliding tackle saved a potential goal
the goalkeeper's crucial saves kept the team in the game
the offside trap strategy was successfully executed by the defense
sports promotes the overall health
sports helps maintain a healthy weight
sports improve heart health
sports can help reduce stress and anxiety
sports teaches discipline
sports activities promote self confidence
participating in sports improves sleep quality
sports activities improve cardiovascular health and blood circulation
playing sports promotes a healthy lifestyle
always stay curious and open to learning new things
embrace challengesfor growth
fresh herbs and spices can add flavor without added salt
songs have this incredible ability to stir up memories
i find comfort in the lyrics of certain songs during tough times
there's a song for every emotion you could possibly feel
have you ever noticed how certain songs transport you back in time?
how's your day going so far?
have you watched any good movies lately?
what's your take on the current weather?
did you catch up on the latest news headlines?
how was your weekend?
have you tried that new cafe?
how's your family doing? everyone well?
did you manage to finish that book you were reading?
have you been following the sports games this season?
what's your favorite type of cuisine?
how do you handle stress or busy days?
any interesting plans for the upcoming holidays?
what's the best vacation you've ever been on?
do you prefer city life or living in a quieter place?
how do you stay motivated in your work or studies?
have you ever tried any extreme sports or adventures?
what's the best concert you've attended?
how do you keep up with your health ?
are you a fan of trying new foods or sticking to favorites?
have you ever been to any moroccan history events?
what's your opinion on social media's impact on society?
do you like listening to music while studying?
have you ever considered learning a new language?
how do you like to celebrate your birthday?
what's your favorite season and why?
are you into art ?
what's the most thrilling adventure you've had so far?
how do you find balance between work and personal life?
are you a fan of spontaneous trips or meticulous planning?
what's your approach to time management?
do you enjoy attending live events or prefer staying in?
how do you usually cope with a busy schedule?
are you more introverted or extroverted in social settings?
how do you unwind and relax after a stressful day?
are you a fan of trying new cuisines or sticking to familiar ones?
have you ever volunteered in a charity work?
what's your favorite way to explore new places while traveling?
what's your take on self care?
do you enjoy cooking or prefer dining out?
how do you approach making decisions in your daily life?
do you enjoy socializing with a small group of friends or a large crowd?
do you prefer solo activities or collaborating with others?
any plans for the weekend?
what do you enjoy doing in your free time?
have you tried that new coffee shop?
did you catch the latest movie?
how's the weather today?
have you traveled recently?
any upcoming events you're gonna attend to?
have you read any good books lately?
do you enjoy cooking?
what's your dream travel destination?
how do you handle stress?
what's your favorite way to exercise?
how do you like to relax at home?
have you ever tried yoga?
what's your favorite type of dessert?
how do you stay motivated?
what's your favorite childhood memory?
do you like going to the beach?
what's your favorite holiday?
are you a dog or cat person?
how do you start your mornings?
how do you stay organized?
are you a fan of shopping?
what's your favorite hobby?
how do you handle challenges?
what's your favorite color?
do you like going to museums?
are you a fan of cooking shows?
how do you relax after a long day?
do you enjoy spending time outdoors?
how do you like to spend your evenings?
are you into diy projects?
what's your favorite sport?
do you like camping?
what's your favorite animal?
what's your favorite tv show?
are you a fan of photography?
what's your favorite book genre?
do you like going to the gym?
how do you unwind before bed?
are you into fashion?
are you a fan of social media?
what's your favorite type of art?
how do you stay positive?
how do you stay focused?
are you a fan of dance?
do you like cooking for friends?
what's your opinion about documentaries?
what's your favorite holiday tradition?
do you enjoy going to the theater?
how do you stay organized at work?
are you a fan of comedy shows?
what's your favorite childhood game?
do you like attending parties?
what's your favorite type of dance?
how do you stay calm under pressure?
are you a fan of nature walks?
do you enjoy cooking with friends?
do you enjoy family gatherings?
with whom do you often go out with ?
with whom do you love going out with?
do you enjoy going to food festivals?
what's your favorite childhood book?
how do you stay positive while dealing with problems?
are you into karaoke?
do you enjoy trying new recipes?
how do you stay connected with loved ones?
are you into writing?
how do you stay organized when traveling?
do you like going to poetry readings?
are you into science fiction movies?
what's your favorite outdoor sport?
how do you stay inspired?
are you a fan of historical movies?
what's your favorite type of museum?
are you a fan of theater?
did you catch the latest episode of that show?
are you a coffee or tea person?
have you ever traveled abroad?
how do you like to relax after work?
are you a morning or night person?
how do you manage your finances?
are you a music lover?
have you ever done volunteer work?
do you like to dance?
what's your favorite type of food?
have you ever tried a new sport?
what's your favorite type of party?
do you like to cook for others?
how do you relax before sleep?
do you enjoy staying up late?
how do you handle difficult decisions?
are you a fan of nature?
have you ever tried a new hobby?
what's your favorite type of game?
do you enjoy watching football?
how do you keep learning?
what's your favorite type of weather?
how do you like to spend your weekends?
how do you like to spend the new year?
do you like to travel and explore?
have you ever participated in a marathon?
how do you handle conflicts in relationships?
have you attended any sporting events?
what's your favorite way to spend a day off?
do you like to cook or order in?
have you participated in any community events?
do you enjoy trying new things?
the sky is clear today
she loves playing the guitar
the coffee is too hot
they're going to the park
he's reading a horror book
i have a dentist appointment tomorrow
the cat is sleeping on the couch
the movie starts at 7 pm
she's wearing a blue dress
he enjoys swimming in the ocean
i need to buy groceries later
she's baking cookies in the kitchen
he's excited for his birthday
the traffic is quite heavy
i'm meeting a friend for lunch
the dog is chasing its tail
he's taking a yoga class
the book is on the shelf
she's training for a marathon
he's fixing his bicycle
they're organizing a charity event
he's playing soccer with his friends
i'm learning to play the piano
they're planting flowers in the garden
i'm watching a documentary tonight
the rain is starting to fall
they're painting the living room
she's studying for her exams
he's writing a letter
i'm trying a new recipe for dinner
they're building a treehouse for the kids
she's designing a new website
they're redecorating their bedroom
i'm cleaning out my closet
they're planning a party
she's sewing a dress
the leaves are changing colors
they're renovating their kitchen
she's writing in her journal
the snow is falling softly
i'm going for a run in the park
they're planning a weekend camping trip
she's practicing yoga in the garden
he's trying a new recipe for dinner
they're planting vegetables in their garden
he's working on a car repair
i'm watching a nature documentary
the rain is tapping on the windows
she's making a photo album
they're building a birdhouse
she's practicing her dance moves
he's going for a bike ride
he's exploring a nearby forest
he's learning a new language
he's going fishing by the lake
they're planning a movie night
the stars are visible in the night sky
the leaves are falling from the trees
she's making homemade candles
she's sewing her own clothes
he's learning to play a musical instrument
he loves playing soccer
the cat is napping
she's dancing in the rain
they're shopping for clothes
he's playing chess
they're cooking a barbecue
i'm studying spanish
they're visiting a zoo
they're attending a wedding
she's cooking pasta
he's playing hide and seek
she's dancing in the living room
what languages are commonly spoken in this country?
how is education structured in this particular land?
what are the most important historical events of this country?
how do people greet each other in this culture?
what's the significance of the colors in this country's flag?
what role does religion play in the lives of the people?
how does the climate affect the lifestyle here?
what important sports are particularly popular in this country?
how do people express politeness and respect in this country?
how do people typically celebrate birthdays in this country?
what role does art play in this country?
how are weddings celebrated in this country?
what are the primary sources of income in this country?
how do people typically spend weekends here?
how does the education system prepare students for the future?
what traditional games are popular among children?
how do people show respect for their elders?
what are the traditional clothing materials used?
how do people respect the environment here?
how do people express affection in this country?
how do people here celebrate national holidays?
what are the typical work hours in this country?
how do people celebrate here religious festivals?
how do people here keep stories from their ancestors?
what traditions here are followed during religious holidays?
what songs remind you of your childhood?
what songs make you want to dance spontaneously?
what's the first song that comes to mind right now?
what songs do you like to listen to during road trips?
what's the most romantic song you've ever heard?
what's a song that never fails to make you smile?
what songs do you enjoy listening to while exercising?
what's a song that helps you relax before bed?
what songs do you enjoy listening to while cooking?
what songs do you enjoy listening to with friends?
what's a song that brings tears to your eyes?
what songs do you like to listen to on rainy days?
what's a song that you can listen to on repeat?
what songs do you enjoy singing in the shower?
what's a song that reminds you of a friendship?
what's a song that reminds you of family?
what songs do you enjoy listening to at the beach?
what's your favorite sport to watch?
what sports did you play as a child?
what's the most exciting match event you've attended?
do you follow any sports leagues regularly?
do you have a favorite football team?
what sports do you consider underrated?
have you ever participated in a sports competition?
do you enjoy watching sports documentaries?
have you ever met a professional football player?
do you have a favorite sports movie?
have you ever volunteered at a sports event?
do you watch football matches in stadium or on tv?
have you ever participated in a sports charity match?
what type of cuisine do you prefer when dining out?
do you enjoy trying new restaurants in your city?
how do you feel about trying street food in different countries?
what's your favorite drink to order at a restaurant?
do you prefer restaurants with a focus on food presentation artistry?
what's your must have ingredient in a salad?
how do you feel about spicy foods?
how do you choose a restaurant when traveling?
do you enjoy cooking with fresh herbs?
what's your favorite type of cheese?
how do you handle food allergies when dining out?
have you ever traveled to a place you'd love to go back to?
do you prefer reading books or watching movies?
what's the best advice you've ever received?
how would you describe your dream vacation?
do you believe in luck or hard work?
how do you keep your friendships lasting?
what's a movie that never fails to make you laugh?
how do you handle criticism ?
what's a goal you've achieved that you're proud of?
what's a piece of advice you'd give to someone starting a new adventure?
what's a lesson you've learned from a difficult experience?
i can't believe how quickly this year is flying by!
remember that time we got lost on that road trip? good times
you won't believe the thing that happened at work today
i'm craving pizza so much right now
have you seen those viral dance challenges? we should totally try one
remember when we used to stay up all night playing video games?
have you ever tried a food combination that turned out surprisingly awesome?
i can't decide between a beach vacation or a mountain retreat for the next trip
"let's plan a movie night soon, i've got a list of must watch films"
i wish there was a way to skip adult responsibilities and just nap instead
you're the only one who understands my obsession with cute animal videos
road trips are fun until you realize how uncomfortable car seats can be
"i've started reading a new book, and it's already a rollercoaster of emotions"
"i've been attempting to cook, but my kitchen ends up looking like a disaster zone"
i miss the days when our biggest worry was finishing homework on time
i'm going to master the cupcake recipe
remember when we used to believe that being an adult was all fun ?
i can't decide if i should get a dog or just keep collecting cute dog videos
"i've been trying to drink more water, but i cant get off coffee"
we should totally recreate our old childhood photos that would be hilarious
"is it just me, or does the weekend go by in the blink of an eye?"
i've realized that my tolerance for spicy food has drastically decreased
i'm convinced that the best ideas come to me in the shower
i miss the days when summer break meant endless fun
i wish i could teleport to avoid rush hour traffic
i miss the days when getting a new toy was pure joy
i wish i could fast forward through life's tough moments
remember when we thought adults had all the answers?
i miss the days when playing in the rain was an adventure
i wish i could understand what my pets are thinking
i miss the days when summer break felt infinite
i wish i could predict the future
have you noticed how the best conversations happen during late night chats?
i'm convinced that my dog is the happiest creature in the world
i'm convinced that the best solutions come to us in the shower
remember when we used to believe in monsters under the bed?
remember when we thought being a teenager was the ultimate freedom?
i wish i could transform my nightdreams into real life adventures
i wish i could get paid for all the time i spend procrastinating
"let's plan a cozy night in blankets, comfort food, and movies"
have you ever tried watching a show but ended up falling asleep every time?
i can't believe how much technology has changed since we were kids
"let's plan a day to explore our city like tourists ,it could be fun!"
do you ever think about how we're living in the future?
"i've been trying to cook more, but my kitchen skills are still a work in progress"
can we talk about how weird it is that our parents were once our age?
i'm convinced that laughter is the best remedy for any bad day
let's plan a day to explore a nearby town we've never been to
can we talk about how music from the '90s will always be the best?
do you ever think about how weird this language is?
i wish i could give my past self some advice
do you ever think about how technology has changed the way we communicate?
i wish i could freeze time during the best moments and relive them forever
remember when we used to have long phone calls instead of just texting?
"i've been trying to cook more, but my kitchen skills still need work"
can we talk about how different our parents' lives were at our age?
i wish i could go back in time and relive those carefree summer vacations
let's have a movie night with all our favorite nostalgic films
do you ever wonder if plants secretly gossip about their owners?
i'm convinced that my cat is plotting to take over the world
have you tried adulting but ended up scrolling through social media instead?
remember when we thought the world was so much simpler?
let's plan a day to relive our childhood favorites
i wish i had a personal assistant to tackle all my adult responsibilities
have you ever thought about how advanced technology has become?
i'm convinced that laughter is the best remedy for any bad day
let's have a creative day
do you ever wonder if our pets have secret parties when we're not around?
i wish i could teleport
let's plan a day trip to a nearby town we've never explored
"i've been trying to adult, but my inner child keeps resisting"
can we talk about how the music from our childhood will never get old?
i'm convinced that coffee is the elixir of life and productivity
remember when we thought high school was the toughest thing ever?
i wish i had a time machine to give advice to my younger self
i'm convinced that ice cream can mend even the toughest days
do you ever think about how technology has changed how we communicate?
i wish i could absorb the knowledge from a book by touching it
remember when we thought getting a driver's license was the ultimate freedom?
i wish i could freeze time during the happiest moments and live in them forever
i'm convinced that a power nap can solve most problems
"i wish i could hit a ""pause"" button during life's chaotic moments"
do you ever think about how much has changed since we were kids?
i'm convinced that pizza is the universal language of happiness
remember that time we pulled off that epic prank on mom?
i'm convinced that our family gatherings are like comedy shows
remember when we used to argue over the tv remote like it was a war?
do you think our kids will ever believe the wild stories from our childhood?
have you ever thought about how we've evolved from rivals to best friends?
i'm convinced that we could communicate in a room full of just facial expressions
can we just reminisce about our secret handshakes and silly traditions?
remember when we would team up to create chaos and blame it on the dog?
i'm convinced that our shared memories are like our own treasure
remember when we used to fight over who got the last slice of pizza?
i wanna go to the beach today
i love classical music
what's your favorite color ?
what's your intelectual level ?
what's your ultimate goal in life ?
how's your relationship with your family ?
what is one thing you can't stand in people ?
what's your favorite type of music ?
have you ever faced a problem you thought was invincible ?
what's your favorite dish ?
is there a place you like going to when feeling uneasy ?
who's your comfort person ?
"if you were told to go to any country you want, what would you choose ?"
what is your worst nightmare ?
what are your hobbies?
do you collect anything?
what is your most prized possession?
what do you think is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
what is your favorite recent memory?
what is your best childhood memory?
who do you think knows you best?
what family member are you closest to?
where is the coolest place you traveled?
what does your average weekend look like?
tell me about your longest running friendship with someone?
what is your earliest memory?
what do you think makes you unique?
who is your hero?
who is the smartest person you ever met?
what is one thing that instantly makes your day better?
when did you first feel like an adult?
whose opinion do you care most about?
what is the most important decision you have ever made so far?
"aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?"
what do you enjoy spending money on?
what is something that always makes you smile?
what are you most thankful for?
what are you most looking forward to?
what do you wish more people understand about you?
what is the greatest challenge or struggle you have ever faced?
what is the biggest risk you ever took?
what is the most ridiculous nightmare you have ever had?
tell us an embarrassing story
"if your pet could talk, what do you think they might say about you?"
tell me your life story in exactly one sentence
what is the strangest coincidence that ever happened to you?
what is your useless talent?
what is the strangest food combination you enjoy?
"if you could choose one superpower, what would it be?"
describe your most eccentric family member
have you ever met a celebrity?
which celebrity would you like to meet?
what is your favorite song?
what emoji do you use most often?
does your family practice any unusual traditions?
what is your favorite joke?
what is the most awkward situation you ever found yourself in?
what is the most ridiculous thing you believed as a child?
what is the most outrageous lie you told a child?
how do you waste time most often?
what is the worst outfit you ever wore?
do you have kids?
who do you live with?
where did you grow up?
what kind of elderly person do you hope to be?
what is your favorite website?
what is your favorite season?
what book changed your life?
how do you prefer to exercise?
what movie do you wish you could watch again for the first time?
what was the first concert you attended?
what is your favourite quote?
what is the last book you read?
what do you dislike that everyone else seems to like?
what do you like that everyone else seems to dislike?
describe yourself in three words
what is the best idea you have ever had for a business?
what is your favorite kind of cuisine?
what is the best meal you have ever eaten?
"if you won the lottery, what would you do first?"
what are you allergic to?
what is your favorite show?
what is your favorite animal?
do you have any pets?
do you have brothers or sisters?
how old are you?
when is your birthday?
what is the farthest you have traveled from home?
what is your favorite summer activity?
what is your favorite winter activity?
"if you could choose a new name, which one would it be?"
what is the best vacation you have ever taken?
what is the bravest thing you ever did?
what is your favorite cartoon?
what is the coolest thing you ever made?
what is your favorite way to spend an afternoon?
what is your favorite sport?
what is your favorite outfit?
what is your favorite thing to do with your parents?
how many languages do you speak ?
have you ever wondered if our parents have a favorite between us?
i'm convinced that we've mastered art
do you think our grandchildren will be as amused by our childhood stories as we are?
remember when we'd compete to see who could finish their chores first?
i finished the chores first to go play checkers with my friends
i'm convinced that we could write a book filled with our hilarious childhood stories
let's plan a day to explore the places we used to hang out as kids
remember when we'd conspire to avoid family events together?
remember when we used to fight over the tv remote every evening?
can you believe how much we've grown since those old family photos?
remember when we'd stay up late whispering about our dreams and fears?
remember when we'd challenge each other at singing?
do you ever wonder if our parents still remember the nicknames we gave them?
do you think our parents still tease each other like they used to?
remember when we'd challenge each other to see who could hold their breath longer?
"hey, have you seen my keys?"
i think they're in the kitchen
"my day was pretty good, i finally finished that project"
what do you feel like doing tonight?
let's order some pizza and watch a movie
i'm thinking of redecorating the living room
i can't believe it's almost summer
"i know, time flies got any vacation plans?"
i wish i could've gone to the concert how was the atmosphere?
ready for the weekend?
"absolutely, i need a break"
did you catch the game last night?
"yeah, our team played really well"
i can't find my wallet
did you check your jacket pocket?
the book i'm reading is so intriguing
what's it about?
i tried a new recipe for dinner
how did it turn out?
i adopted a kitten from the shelter
that's wonderful! what's its name?
did you see the sunrise this morning?
"yeah, it was absolutely stunning"
i can't believe it's already friday
i used to play the piano when i was younger
did you catch that documentary last night?
"yeah, it was quite informative"
i'm considering taking up yoga
it's a great way to stay calm
i'm thinking of taking up photography
do you have any travel destinations on your bucket list?
i'd love to visit japan someday
i got a promotion at work!
"congratulations, that's fantastic news!"
i'm trying to learn how to cook better
do you prefer the beach or the mountains?
i'm definitely more of a beach person
the concert tickets sold out so quickly
"i know, the band is so popular"
what's the last book you read?
how was the experience?
"absolutely, experimenting with recipes is my thing"
i'm considering learning how to dance
did you see that new movie?
"not yet, but i've heard good things"
the weather's been so unpredictable lately
i'm thinking of starting a garden
i love watching documentaries
they're a great way to learn about different topics
i should've bought the tickets concert earlier!
i love astronomy
did you watch that new series?
what's your favorite dessert?
definitely chocolate cake
have you ever been scuba diving?
"yes, the underwater world is breathtaking"
i can't decide what to order
the pasta here is always a good choice
did you hear about the new museum?
i'm thinking of starting a book club
"count me in, i love reading"
have you traveled to europe?
"yeah, the history and culture are amazing"
i'm volunteering at the animal shelter
"that's heartwarming, animals need love"
i'm trying to eat healthier
i'm considering adopting a pet
pets bring so much joy to life
i enjoy gardening in my free time
i'm taking up painting as a hobby
i'm into photography
i'm learning to cook international dishes
i'm training for a marathon
running requires stamina
i'm renovating my apartment
home improvement projects are fun
i'm a fan of classic literature
i enjoy solving puzzles and riddles
i'm learning a new language online
i'm planning a picnic this weekend
i'm thinking of taking a cooking class
have you ever attended a live theater performance?
"yes, it's so good"
"that's cool, playing music is a wonderful skill"
have you tried photography?
do you have any discounts or promotions available today?
could you please double check the price for this item?
i think it might be marked incorrectly
is it possible to get a receipt for this purchase?
can i pay with a credit card for this transaction?
could you bag these items separately?
i have some delicate items that i'd like to keep safe
"can you help me find a product that's similar to this, but in a different color?"
could you tell me the total amount before i make my final decision?
is this product covered under any warranty or return policy?
can you check if you have more of this item in the back of the store?
is it possible to split the payment between cash and card?
can you tell me if this item is on clearance or discounted today?
could you assist me with finding the right size in this clothing item?
could you help me locate the aisle where i can find kitchen supplies?
can i return this item if it doesn't fit or if i change my mind?
do you have any information about upcoming sales or promotions?
could you check if this item is available in other colors or sizes?
could you please scan this item again?
i believe it should be on discount
can you let me know the expiration date of this product?
could you assist me in finding a suitable gift for a child around 6 years old?
can you help me find a replacement for this product that i bought last time?
could you please weigh these fruits and vegetables for me?
can you confirm the availability of this product for online order and in store pickup?
can you guide me to the aisle where i can find cleaning supplies?
could you assist me in finding products suitable for sensitive skin?
could you assist me in finding products suitable for sensitive teeth?
could you explain the process for ordering products that are out of stock?
can you guide me to the section with pet supplies and accessories?
can you let me know if there's a discount for purchasing items in bulk quantities?
could you guide me to the area with outdoor gardening supplies?
can you assist me in finding products suitable for someone with allergies?
could you let me know if there's a promotion on cleaning supplies this week?
can you tell me if this product is available for same day delivery?
can you assist me in finding products suitable for hair?
could you help me find items related to outdoor camping?
could you let me know if there's a discount available for students?
can you assist me in finding products suitable for a specific skin type?
"how was your day, dear? i'd love to hear about what happened"
let's plan a weekend getaway soon
we both could use a little break
what do you think about trying that new restaurant in town this weekend?
remember when we faced that challenge together?
it taught us many things
the way we can talk about anything and everything is one of the best things about us
"how do you manage to always make me smile, even on the toughest days?"
what's your take on adopting a dog?
it could bring so much joy into our home
what's your favorite memory from our travels together?
there are so many to choose from
"let's have a cozy night in, just the two of us, with our favorite comfort food"
how do you manage to stay so patient with my angry side?
we can work together to achieve our goals
let's plan a surprise weekend trip to a place we've never been before
how do you always know the right words to say when i'm feeling down?
let's have a date night where we try cooking a new recipe together
how do you manage to keep the romance alive after all these years?
how do you manage to be so understanding and supportive in every situation?
let's plan a night where we revisit the place we first met
what's your opinion on taking a dance class together?
it could be a lot of fun
how do you always know when i need a comforting hug or a shoulder to lean on?
how do you manage to show so much kindness to everyone?
what's your opinion on taking a cooking class together to learn a new cuisine?
let's have a picnic at the beach
and watch the sunset together
what's your opinion on taking a class together to learn a new skill?
how do you always know how to make me feel so loved and cherished?
"what's your opinion on starting a hobby together, like drawing or painting?"
let's plan a surprise romantic date night under the stars
how do you always know how to make me feel understood and valued?
what's your take on writing love letters to each other to express our feelings?
how do you always know how to lift my spirits when i'm feeling low?
how did you prepare for this match mentally and physically?
can you share your thoughts on the team's performance during the first half?
what adjustments did you make in your strategy after the opponent's goal?
could you describe the atmosphere on the field during those crucial moments?
how do you feel about your individual performance and contribution to the game?
can you elaborate on the tactics that led to your team's successful comeback?
can you share your perspective on the referee's decisions during the match?
what was going through your mind when you scored that incredible goal?
how do you handle the pressure and expectations of being a star player?
can you discuss your relationship with your fellow teammates ?
could you describe the emotions you experienced when the final whistle blew?
how do you maintain your focus the entire match?
can you talk about the strategies your team employed to exploit the opponent's weaknesses?
can you discuss the impact of crowd support and how it affects your performance?
what are your thoughts on the upcoming fixtures ?
could you elaborate on the training regimen that keeps you in peak physical condition?
what goes through your mind when you're taking a crucial penalty kick?
can you discuss your role as a leader on and off the field within the team?
what advice would you give to young players aspiring to reach your level?
what do you think were the turning points in today's game that led to your team's win?
how do you prepare mentally for penalty shootouts?
what does it mean to you to represent your country on the international stage?
how do you stay motivated during matches that seem to be slipping away?
can you discuss the lessons you've learned from past defeats that shaped your approach?
how do you manage to stay disciplined in your training and diet throughout the season?
what does it feel like to score a goal in front of thousands of cheering fans?
how do you mentally prepare for matches against rivals or historically strong opponents?
what do you think was the most crucial aspect that led to your team's victory today?
"what do you consider your greatest strengths as a player, and how do they benefit the team?"
"how do you keep yourself motivated and hungry for success, season after season?"
can you discuss your experience playing against top tier players and their strategies?
what do you believe is the secret behind maintaining a winning mentality?
how do you manage to recover from injuries and setbacks to come back stronger?
"how do you prepare for penalty shootouts, which can often be a game changing moment?"
what do you find most fulfilling about representing your club on the field?
what do you find most rewarding about inspiring fans through your performances?
how do you handle the pressure of representing your club and its history on the field?
"how do you manage to stay calm under pressure, especially in penalty shootout situations?"
the team really pulled together today
our work paid off
"it was a tough match, but we managed to stick to our game plan"
i'm amazed of how we managed to turn things around in the second half
and i'm glad i could contribute
scoring that goal was a team effort
we learned a lot from this match and will use it to improve in the future
the opponent's defense was solid
breaking through was a challenge
our coach's guidance helped us a lot during the match
we had to adapt quickly to the changing dynamics of the game
"the opponent's goalkeeper made some incredible saves, but we persevered"
"we were able to control the tempo of the game, which worked in our favor"
we maintained possession well
our training really paid off in today's match
the opponent's counterattacks kept us on our toes throughout
we capitalized on the opponent's mistakes
our defense stayed organized
it helped secure the clean sheet
we had to stay disciplined in marking
we had to close down spaces
the opponent's early goal forced us to rethink our strategy
we managed to control the midfield battles
the opponent's midfield was strong
we faced a tough opponent
the opponent's physicality required us to be agile and quick in our movements
our coach's halftime talk motivated us to come out stronger in the second half
we managed to find gaps in the opponent's defense and exploit them
our determination to win every ball
our ability to read the opponent's plays
we intercepted some passes
"hey, do you remember that trip we took last summer?"
"of course, how could i forget?"
it was an adventure to remember
"right? the moment we reached the mountaintop and saw the view, it was breathtaking"
absolutely it felt like we were on top of the world
and the sun was just beginning to set
"i remember we sat there, taking it all in, without a care in the world"
it was like time had slowed down
it's moments like that which make me appreciate the beauty of nature
it's a reminder of how small we are in this vast universe
and the spontaneous decision to camp there for the night was the icing on the cake
it was like we were in our own little world
we were surrounded by stars and the soothing sounds of nature
it was like a scene from a movie
i always wanted to live this kind of nights together
it felt like a wish come true
i'll never forget the feeling of lying in the tent
we were listening to the gentle rustling of leaves and feeling the cool breeze
it was a perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of work
i felt so refreshed and alive
it's amazing how a simple trip can have such a profound impact on our mood
absolutely it's like a reminder to slow down and appreciate the nature around us
i'm really looking forward to our next trip
maybe we can try kayaking
count me in!
exploring the great outdoors with a good friend by my side is the best thing
and to more adventures that remind us of the wonders of the world
"hey, i was thinking, it's been a while since we went out to a nice restaurant"
"you're right, a restaurant dinner sounds like a great idea"
how about italian food?
i've been craving some hearty pasta
there's a cozy italian restaurant downtown
i've heard great things about it
perfect! i've been wanting to try some authentic italian dishes
"we should make a reservation, just to be sure we get a table"
i'll do that what day works best for you?
how about friday evening?
it'll be a great start to the weekend
sounds good to me I'll call and make a reservation for two at 7 pm
i've heard they have a fantastic seafood risotto
and i've heard their tiramisu is to die for
i love how restaurants set the mood with dim lighting and soft music
and it's a nice change from cooking at home
"agreed, sometimes it's nice to have someone else do the cooking"
"oh, and let's not forget to dress up a little"
it's a special occasion after all
i'll dust off that dress i've been saving for a special night out
and I'll finally have a reason to wear those heels that have been gathering dust in my closet
"it's settled then, friday evening, italian restaurant and great food"
I can't wait
it's been too long since we've had a proper girls' night out
"let's make this dinner one to remember, filled with laughter and delicious food"
"hey, i was thinking, we haven't had a fancy dinner in ages"
"you're right, it's been a while since we treated ourselves to a nice restaurant"
any preferences?
how about trying that new restaurant ?
i've heard they combine flavors from different cuisines
sounds intriguing!
how about saturday night?
it'll be a great way to wrap up the week
i'll check if they have any available reservations around 8 pm
perfect i'm already excited about exploring their menu
 i've heard the restaurant has a rooftop seating area with a view
"hey, have you heard about the new movie that just came out?"
"yes, i've been dying to see it"
it's been getting rave reviews
how about we plan a movie night this weekend?
that sounds like a fantastic idea
it's been ages since we went to the cinema
there's something special about watching a movie on the big screen
i've already checked the showtimes
there's a late night screening on saturday
i'm thinking we could grab some dinner before the movie
that's a great plan
"dinner and a movie, the ultimate combo"
that's not a law
don't be too explicit
you weren't too explicit were you?
where have you been?
you need to go to a doctor
a dermatologist will treat you
who will give you what will help you
it's better to tell him to give you meds
to eat not to apply to your face
I did this method
one time I bribed an officer
goose is the best thing
bia became an application
we not only two
he is talking about us
we are thankful to god
I do it honestly
you will be broke
there is also signal
look right and left
look at the man
it's only in morocco
just with signal
he will tell you
190dh and delivery for free
"girls, i'm sorry"
who asked me about prices
I DM you
because my fb is blocked
We are active on tiktok
now her brother is wearing pants
she is big
I didn't understand
Mind your business
God forbid this mentality
You leave no one in peace
"no, he is a man"
it's because of tiktok
the man is peacefully photographed
Man ! people
Look at the motobycicle
it's a honda right ?
"no, it's TMAX LOL"
men are wearing
women are naked
god forbids
if she wears pants
it would be better
she is the one who bought him
a little bit of 
with shorts
I would be timid
I would be afraid of my brother
"no, it's just like these people"
they dont feel cold
he isn't even a man
he is letting her sister do what she wants
the first time you see it
girls wearing sport outfit
someone please explain
you tell him where is your sister
he says wait
i will bring her
that's morocco
they dont leave people live peacefully
we can do nothing about it
No no he is a boy
he is young to drive a T-Max
I want to know who posted this
He doesnt mind hsi business
mind your business
go see your sister
where did you even go 
where did she go yesterday
normally even boys
should wear that kind of shorts
she was respectful
once she became popular
she became irrespectful
"my brothers, watch over your siblings"
watch over them
people are living their lives
and you are watching her
sick people
you dont think properly
your brother is respectful
and you are not
god shames you
why do you bother ?
watch over your sister
in these times
and leave people do what they want
she did buy you a SH
"so, she wears whatever she wants"
the bad truth
you should serve in military
to become a man
sleeping is better than staying up
one you sell him
and one you pass on her
extreme suffering
he says you are cute
your brother is wearing pants
and mind your business
everyone mind his own business
if you dont agree with me
she is 1m40cm
another one
he deserves prison
she is making money
i saw her on tiktok
she doesnt do anything bad
life is short
when you have responsabilities
of your home
you support them
then its not okay
so now she is bad 
congrats
jealousy and ill will
he is jobless
what makes you think like this
the settings are messed up
one a time
God has a plan for us
she is supporting them
she bought him a motocycle
with tiktok money
god forbids
you left nothing
untouched
they are planning ahead
unlike you
"just, watching other people"
who saw this post
should he laugh for example
they are living their lives
what is of the people
watching other people
is more than you groceries
I tired of trying to understand
and i understood nothing
its true
we see this a lot
you bully people
god will give you
who will bully you
i became messy
sister where you from
price of sewing
the grey sofas
see you
you went to sleep
beside your mother
available in ramadan
once they were
where do you live sister
breastfeeding pill
when do you start
after 40 or before
i regret a lot
when i got out the hospital i took a shower
i vomitted in front of people
a week didnt even pass
i became ill
one with blood the other with mucus
i cried as loud as possible
2 months i'm bed sick
when i gave birth
the 4th of month i did house work
i didnt give myself rest
now it's been 4 months
since you gave birth
the birth cut still hurts me
its not healed yet
i was drinking green anise
too hot
dolipran affects the head
blood pressure is high
I have diabeties
i will harm myself
god forbids
i did house work and my cut strat hurting me
i got constipated
i got loose
and i got sick again
all my decision are mistakes
i was happy because i gave birth
i had a phobia in this regard
to be pregnant and to give brith
i was afraid
and happy
they congratulated me 
happy because im breastfeeding my son
i see his eyes
and i say is this my son ? Lol
god protect my sons
and god gives anyone
good spring
even if he wakes me up a lot
even if he is sad
whatever he does im happy
because thats a period
a passing period
we should endure it
allah is perfect
this happens
i was afraid and it stills early
and then i will give birth inshallah
you should wear clothes
you should be fit
if one isnt fit
cold could get to your bones
you get extremely sick
i ate oranges
he gave me stomach ache
it's been a lot i'm treating it
he came again
i didnt handle my son's head
he came during heat
i regret not doing that
as it should have been done
because breathing
during covid she didnt come
my mother didnt come
i didnt know
for example what he does
a birth mother shouldnt catch cold
she should eat well
whole meals
to compensate the blood loss
that goes 
she can breastfeed
give attention to her son
thats a bad behaviour
the first 40 days in her life
determines the path of her health
and surely i wouldnt mind
if she could tighten up
3 days after the birth
i was angry at my daughter
just crying thank god
second birth giving was good
i was trying not to be upset
because milk goes away
i ate peaches
and i want to the emergencies
i was enable to move
my sister before her birthgiving
of 15 days they invited her
of the 3 days of a miss
they made rfissa
she ate just a bit
she desired an ingredient of rfisa
then she went home
she got sick
she resisted till morning then she went to the doc
they told her she will give birth and indeed she did
i was pregnant and i didnt know
and i desired rfissa
my mother made it for me
and i eat it like there is no tomorrow
and i went to my step mother
and i ate it for the second time
in just one week
i went home and i got sick
i went to the doctor
i found myself pregnant
and it mutilated
even i slept 15 days
my fetus died
because of recklessness
i promise myself i wont do it again
i did it to myself
whenever i remember i get sad
after birth giving everyone went 
i went to the living room
i see my sofas written on
with a pen
glue nails
spilled over
i cleaned the living room
like a nut
not even 15 days after
i hated the sight
i forced myself
i got depressed after
everyone is far from you
a very bad feeling
i felt it a lot
but thank god nevertheless
life goes on
dont eat msakhn too much
sister they make rfisa
with khzama
the cuts my get open
dont wash with chaba
cover your head
so it wont hurt you
and most importantly
leave it on the floor
because you will suffer
put it and teach it
to stay put
god helps you
my daughter had stomach gas
and i didnt know
i eat lentiles
and drank soda
and ate z3lok
no one advised me 
i was 17yo
and my parents arent with me
nevertheless
it went good
living 11 years now
one of them
too bad 
just watching what you do
where you go
what you did
what you bought
where you live
how much is your rent
god forbids
i miss my home town
my calm neighbors
very nice people
salutation to the people of ban slimane
very nice people
i hope everyone was like this
taxi drivers are sick
the best one among them
you wouldnt find it in somalia
i passed 6 months
did harmed me with sorcercy stuff
who lied to you
the best of perfumes
that i used
that seed sister
of  kerneb romi
seed of homida
that we put with spinach
we cultivated it on our backyard
in our house
regarding living cost
living cost is cheap
i live in dorms
rent is 1000dh and up
til l2500dh
weather like rachidiya
cold during winters
hot during summers
not bad
there are places to visite
always traveling
stay in your city
and leave someone works it
when you advise
you are acustomed with sarcasm
afraid and still want to be with them
go to fes
there is too much work there
especially if he has family there
so he becomes always available
you need money
there is tax of residency
there is tax of residency
you make dollards
there is no tax
there is work
when the hr says to in during an interview
you have any questions
its then you should ask
like this type of questions
"its okay, there is still time"
they sent you the contract
call them
and ask theml
i will show you an ointment
my daughter is also like this
and i applied on her
dont be afraid sister
your son is like my daughter
he become like this in two months
and i bought him this nice ointment
i will show it to you
tomorrow i swear its good
like my daughter
my daughters has also 2 months
goes well with water
the doc saw her and recommended this medecin
its efficient
it makes the face too clean
just use your milk
and she will heal if god wants
my poor baby
go to a doctor
he will give you the appropriate treatment
my son has it too
once a time
when the doctor saw him
he told me he has allergic skin
avoid anything that smells
shower him only with soap
now he is good
look this is my daughter
how she had a microbe
everyone says something different
one time
she saw a doctor
he told me she has allergic skin
she choked by night
she didnt see well
i took her to the clinic
late at night
when they saw her
he told me she has a microbe
one advice
dont try anything on her
I'm serious
a doctor
take him to a doc a see what he will tell you
i will take him to a doc
it goes by itself
just wash his face
with odorless soap
and dry his face
dont do any other thing
wash just with water
and he will become well or take him to a doc
he is planning to leave you
they are good people
i live in the city
i bought two roosters
i put them on the roof
leave them
dont take them off
authentic eggs si 2.5dhs
and dust
you are from dust
and sun
apply a sunscreen
and a hat
sockets and
the girls laughing
about your post
you should put them in a farm
god helps you with your chicken
you live in the countryside
if you have space
to elevate chicken
becareful of these 6 chickens
your project will grow up
study and learn well
in chicken elevation project
what you need to do
and what you shouldnt do
try to focus on your project
and it will be a big project
production of eggs
and chickens
and which you all best
one advice
leave your chickens
eggs is 50 ryal higher
you can gather it once every 15 days
sell them everyweek
floor cleaning once  a week
half an hour
samity tryin
hold the bag
big bag
and fill your bag
and everything you need
of just products
and leave this suitcase
should be just for clothing
of just one
hold only the big bag
there is also smaller bottles
that are bought for 3dh
put species into it
i have small bottles
perfum
take just one its sufficient
shampoos i put it
in small boxes
they are sold in stores
boxes of plastic
even perfum
there are small bottles
in miniso for 25dh
there are also products
buy one
some bottles
from makeup store
small one are the perfect ones
your being foolish
dont buy anything
trust me
paint in white
that good
it needs nothing
you have a nice kitchen
it wont bore you
you can paint the drawers
that are under
beside the door
the window in wgite
and change bulp color to white
simple color
it will look good
brown is a nice color
a very good smell
they all give a one color
when your lips get blue
buy them this product
wait it will look good on you
you need a platform
its a bit small
wood would be better
i have them in wood
this girl is funny
she is nice
apply to your skin
how are those bottles
they dont act well
buy them a platform
they small one aside
dont forget
to be elegant
this ways is better
of wood like they said
where do you buy
in rabat i didnt find it
and why are they acting this way
oil become too expensive
i cant forgive them
i dont know why
if i see them
i will fix them
this is funny
try something of wood
so they can look too many
platform of wood
its better to be compatible
the problem is this 
its always not just this day
god help you
everyone forgot them
their gold is too thin
i bought five
fan favorite
this and ear piercing
nothing like reality
i swear i had it
i bought from them
a sautoir
for 4500dh
in a place
white not yellow
doesnt have gold
or mixed gold
their gold is of bad quality
its cheap
i swear to god
they are scammers
i bought a chain for 600dh
long time ago
when i took it to a jewelry store
he told me this is 400dh
when i returned it
he told me pay 60dh delivery
i wanted that gold
could find it
there is no deals for gold
its just lie
they have good gold
i bought from them
and good behaviour
be ashamed
people who bought it affirm its bad
too thin
what you see
isnt what you end up buying
when you put it on your hand
i didnt took it from my neck
i just want to buy
from them
i bought it many times
i sold it there is no problem
its not firm
too thin 
i boight from her
i lost 5500dh
i saw a model
i thought it was 600dh for a gram
scammers it was only 250dh by then
shower him buy night and go sleep
even if he has 4 months
he sleeps by himself
when they born
put them in their place
to sleep by themselves
in their places
to become familiar
megane 3 is good
first time i bought
reliable car
good in every aspect
today i gave birth
may you be happy
you too best wishes
may god give you good spring
amen
miss sons
girls please
whomever knows this
please
me too
avoid groups
she still has it
i think its normal
if you please
which page
im with you
go away
everytime you say it
you say what
problem of azemmour
authentic or fake ?
you over a girl
how will we do
to become a nice city
they left it
hard and anstudy
requires paint
congrats to you
good luck to you
those hang up
the other no
take care of your children
good fortune will come to you
from god
thank god for what you are
no problem
have ambition
doctorat you can access higher education
that why u feel chocked
you have doctorat and u get paid 5500dh
you dont have access to public 
more and more
this contry
we should leave it altogether
so they be satisfied
and we be satisfied
"stay, apply to lotery"
you dont think for you child
think about your child
i hope you didnt find it
with his mother
because i saw him
you didnt evoque him in the budget
this advice man
i came to marjan
because they leftme
i dont want to be enslaved
for a ministery that belittle teachers
i signed the contract
i was belittled
you will be your whole life
in your place
do your project
or private sector
dont come to this field of work
before its too late
doctorat and teaching
you should apply for university teacher
apply to teacher assistant
examps are too much
dont think too much
you belittle yourself
poor you
you have everything good
why you feel dpown
your case
of ant
when gods wants it to suffer
he made her wings
you teach 4h a day
do another job
side hussle
one advice brother
i can tell you
be patient
or look something else
on the web
i'm employed
oh oh oh
my salary is like yours
but its not sufficient
what i make on the web
is more than my salary
explain how you do it
i'm too poor lol
you are angrying me
no one can change
if he wanted to change
he would have changed
best thing is to flee
listen to your father
your father has reason
are you serious
follow your father
your father has reason
follow him
and be safe
he knows what good for you
you are funny
when you marry you become responsible
look to his spouse
listen to your father
he knows much
he knows what good for you
more than you do
as for the boy's changing
he will never leave the girls
he is a party boy
he is a swindler
i believe in god
you will never forget
do what your father says
you only have 18 years old
when you grow up to 23 you'll understand
why your father didn't let you marry him
he will never be good
he isnt fit for you
and wont change
you will be in dire situation
after that
follow what your parents say
and forget
i swear you will suffer
are you foolish
sick in the head
you think yourself Angelina
you will erase his memories
they love him for his qualities
if they drink leave him be
with his sons
dont think you are too smart
you will forget with time passing
dont think too much cutie
because they live that way
you hit to live
your father wants you good
you are making me angry
dont say that
18 you will die to marry
wait til you grow old
he isnt disciplined
he was shaming in your house
and now he he wants you as a fiancee
if he was polite
he would have taken his dirty stuff drom there
i know him sister
your father saw him
why you act recklessly
you need a beating
where did you find this
being expat will drive you crazy
he needed to be under the sun
on the roof to dry up
this will make it more beneficial
are you on the train ?
are you in casa
he went to look for you
if i go outside i come to tou
my brother has 60 meters
how much does it cost
ground floor alone
has 3 facings
you are mixing things uo
doors of house or garage
where did you buy cups
you remember this one that signs
that silly
she has a roof
you dont want the truth
you want to be messed up with
if you want to be bilittled you deserve more of it
people like you live on hell
you laugh to stupid people they believe you
you are not a good citizen
you understand upside down
better than her and your mother
everyone thinks he understand
go look it up on religion
you know nothing
you just mess up
shaming
this one you want for the price
i sell them with mdf
too cheap 
just want quality
who want to be on oriflam
can shop by herself
price of company
or work
i will give you hair recipe
whomever try it can thank me 
with good health
for her hair
anyone who wants to moist her hair
to become more solid
from the first experience
you will see the difference
when you make it with plack
or hairdryer
it will like you used protein
the recipe is to use zinjlan
cup of seed of ktan
roast them a bit
and mixed them
put them in casrole
add 3 cups of oil
cooking oil
over the stove
and mix it 
once boiled
turn off stove
put it directly on a glass bottle
with everything
use it for you whole hair
becareful will be oily
use a plastic
boil it
or a 5dh
clean it there you go
rice water grows hair up
homous with korkom
with extract of werd
a bit of lime
depends on your hair
korkome is good for acne
makes it clean
my faces peels off
too sensitive
look for ste hymolabe
they wanted one
apply there
me too 
I dont  drink harira
i drink tee
why is harira not good 
i miss harira
i only eat it during ramadan
from ramadan to ramadan
harira and jelly
me too about harira
i called the cops they handled it
her wife will know her way
you are not source of problems
dont put a khamia
its true sister
use adhesive paper
wont be seeable again
i think you should change the glass
use the obscure glass
but light passes through it
better  than curtain
i changed windows
i used on all of them
use smoked one
it can be applied on glass
leave only one side
and it will be covered
and light wont be as bright
she has today a delivery 
of fish pastilla
what do you have
i didnt know
who wants to be on avon
inscription for free
delivery for free
best pastilla i eat
is the one you made
nothing happens
from 2019
where 3aml
i sold it for 500dh
and other 4 chairs
everything can be changed
scammin moroccans
dont mind me
yesterday i remember walid
i think what should i do about this misery
she is angry with me
nail cutter
clothing handles
today is Friday
hurry and come
god help your sons
and may god give you 
if they were to come
we need a table
its true they will come
he didnt tell me
he told me we will come
from morning ive been thinking what should i do
we should think about the table
and the little table
they will fit
can you bring me a calculator
i want it for one week
i want a pasterie
is this leather sandal
one there is leather
you work part time remotely
hwo do you do it
state been hitting
hard word with me
work like what
what kind of work
the country selected
from it money
that will take of your money
morocco doesnt
i brought 800dh
from 400dh
depends on the distance
transportation takes 1000dh
they are available for 550dh
i brought them
they work well
each one and its price
invite me sister
you are welcome
focus on your study
it will be of use to you
your father treats you well
you dont forget yourself
she is shy
its weird
once they go out
she tells you to come
gather utensils
clean utensils
there are some mothers
they are harsh
with their daughters
and i'm one of them
its bad traitement
too much rudeness
she favors my sis over me
ive been hit
if someone from family
ask him why
why you do like that
there are mothers favors some over others
between children
but not to this point
this is too much
weird those mothers
everything is nice
how do you choose one
one white
suger spoon
3 big
oil spoon little big
cup one milk salt
one vanilla
dough 8g
light mix
mix 20 minutes
has sheep utensils
went to marjan
too much expensive
im close to homt hok
there is everything
only some clothes
are in these markets
and its cheap
aswaq salam fair prices
and me too sometimes
i go to see
in other places
i wish 
to go down
what bim
you go to
this one beside BP
because i go to it too
i dont find too many things
go to the bigger one
i left the utensils
until i went back
because i wasnt in the mood
can you show me
one i want it
i brought veggies
i didnt show it all
i didnt understand explain 
just a lie
explain to me how
look whats written here
do you have
its for the qerqara
tasteful harira
i want some too
to die for
where is glass
4 cups of four
one scope of honey
one scope of sugar 
little bit of salt
bread dough
you look nice cutie
you coock well
cheers best group
just bought it 2 weeks now
i'll pass a period
i'll share my experience
70dh on fb market
well arranged
you took syrop after shower
or before shower
because i do it
it leave my hair messy
how much you bought this mirror
how much you bought it ?
which ennaciri perfum you have
wow too good 
how did you design it
you shouldnt have drawn that line
white above your eye
it would have looked nice
why is it not a mark
i just bought it for my son
because of the operation
a nurse told me
its just a moistriser
doesnt clean 
I tried it
it was used suddenly
there are no friends
nor trust these days
my mom should have gone with dad
soufian shouldnt have gone
you will stay over at your aunt
i will come back and try it
and today she sent me
asked me if i still want it
i found a shoe
he is at home
the problem is he wont leave during aid
he said he wont buy
there is no way to leave
his cousin too
he wont buy
he sent me too
told him i wont go
they asked told him no
the whole week
passed it sick
today i was in training
just morning i couldnt during evening
i will see the doc
to give me a sick leave certificate
i didnt want to bother you
fath lah left his father andcame
this week i wont go to inter
i will go to bm
i feel dizzy
i was about to fall
and pain too
i became moist
like i was soicked in water
they told me to go sit
and i called him and told him
i'm sick send someone to take me
they hide my stuff
i saw doc Tuesday
she told me im fine
i need 15 days now
i went again today
i went to do bioscopy
because im too dizzy
he find everything fine
and rain falls 
told me to watch floor
i was going thinking about my issue
what to do about it
because of watching
and the doc too
told me last time you will give birth
we cant go this week
to end this week
the plan shouldnt go well
its not planned
this is raging
here in wld mosa
just cup of tea 
and lwiza
you told me you will come
go to hospital
paper needed
they are at my auntie
i'm just going off
good bye
we just passed barchid
is he dizzy
tell mother to say it
tell he to pass my regards
you tired
mastafa is at the emergencies
his hand still hurts
is there any news
do you have connection
i fixed the stuff
i need to be accepted
then i go pay
she went to lbm today
today we talk with qasm
told him my dad wook up
they went
is he out of emergencies
or still in emergencies
put kalitos and breath
meet with them
they are spilling
i made an excuse and went
she says whatever
thats unlucky
she tells anyone
my whole life
and exaggerate
that not good
i will take measures
because of her bad mouth
told me i catch the cold
i took pills
and some vitamins
she told somthing
catch the half and discard the other half
no one can enter from the door
dont tell him my life story
i regretted getting pregnant
i was listening to her
talking with her step sister
she told her im sick
and went one week at her motehrs
i wanted to say to her
goodbye to you this week
in my mind
if she is lying she tells you
and you believe her lies
until her daughter sits
she start lying
i say to her
its bad to lie
dont lie again
dad mustafa went out
from emergencies today
he is a little bit better
he is with his father
he will come sick again
he isnt well
she is the one that came
two times i dreamt it
i'm afraid he dies
i come to see him
very bad feeling
i come and see him
what did my uncle buy before
for him or for you
and where did he go
pinch him
until his eyes goes big
because he tlks about me
ismail is in front of everyone
told me your parents
will organize  a wedding
thats why they went
and told him to stay quiet
told him he was today by day
walid they fooled him
so not to cry
tell mother to make me harira
i drink it after i see doc
that asshole
tell her to hurry
when its cooked go see it
keep door closed
we drink it and go 
tell father not to say anything
want my mother's
just going
to the doctor
you went
i call and you leave the micro
i'm still alte
go to the bride and tell amal to take pictures
im not in mood for wedding
im in
waiting my husband
to coem so we go
dont do anything
dont think you are at wedding
dont say anything
i'm still stuck here
im on the road
tell her im still late
i will leave i think
i feel desireful
in a pitiful way
told her before
i'm late
i will send her
my mother brought hem
she prescribed a syrop
its all good
i'm beloved
i wont come 
they left us ?
if he knew
i brought them to the wedding
told her to see that person
how it looks
no one asked me
i will never forget
he isnt my step father he is also my dad
the day i heard that i was shocked
if only for people
or fath he was compassionate
he was good to me
he sees me and he left
may he rest in peace
i have too many orphans now
to whom can i talk now
if only was between us
or he was paralyzed
he stays with us
he tells his mother
if you dont do what i want
leave me and see her
whenever he sees me he asks me 
when i went to pay the news were spread
khalid and mstafa and 3atika
told me she brought nothing
i was in sala
i was unasure
moy gave me 140
from yesterday i'm unable to move
i got fiever and nausea
i dont know what did I eat 
serious one just began
auntie wont you come ?
watch the lists
of fst
how are you today
send me photos
no one will see them
its the network not working
tomato with chaaria
when you bring it now
you went with them 
when went
show me the bride
you slept the whole morning
did mom go
did you phone her or not
did you phone my father
at the way
answer my phone is disconnecting
i have three seats
you want to go to the road
i wont go in
if you dont find wait
people to go out
they are out
feth and will go out
close to us
close to jdida
you still with here there
you spoke to your uncle
about coming
convince him
he stayed at his aunti's
you went to the miss
take out something good
just at home
where are you at
a bedroom of steel
where is it 
of my father
your auntie isnt there yet
you are planning to go
where is that woman
short distance no problem
where are you at
you feel comfy there
what do you do there
you still at kasba
if you go to the clothing shop
ask about this
about something
do you breath well now
hows your mother
im tired
pass my salute to my aunt ftoma
i wanted to say to her
i was you talking about ears
i dont hear well
whats the basla issue
i feel cold
i asked about aunt
one vein in my stomach
i feel pain now
i have toothache
my head hurting
i dont know is it pregnancy
or blood deficiency
i stand i feel dizzy
my head is numb
that feeling goes to my feet
if i wake up early
i talk to her i feel bored
i want to ask about her
i ask about nothing
yesterday you didnt ask
about ears
that time you lied about me
told me you have nothing
thats why i told you to ask
mother will you still come tomorrow
if you were to come
there is no reason to go there
and when she coms tell her to come
i dont want to go there
the road is tiring
how many months
went with him today
went to my friend
i will be there at 4
you will be late
where are you 
where have you been
why dont you ask
be careful to your children
be careful about your care
that woman looks old
do you study remotely
yes i study remotely
i wake up early
i study morning
evenings i work
connection get disconnected
i wake up early
i go back to sleep morning
its imperative you save resumes
we took too much rest
did you took too much rest
feeling of failure
i study at 8 morning
wear well during winters
if i dont feel well
too much cold
the man works in every environment
what do you like
too many countries are shared
whats bad about food
they signed contract
eveything went in a flash
told me she knows nothing
until i go
maybe just a rumor
our neighboor watch too much
why does she even care
she should mind her business
its friend of my sister
they married Sunday
only god knows whats going up
100 copies went
she wrote too many scenarios
she made in tajin even veggies
people isnt respectful
they only gossip
do whatever you please dont mind
we have only gossipers
they miss no one
we will also travel
pass my regards to the girls 
bring it to your house
prepare yourself they will gossip on you
we had guest noww
who sent them
they entered after they spoke to neighbor
now they went to haj
she told them weird stuff
my cousin is married
everyone says what he wants
come dine with us
teachers didnt come today
your speech isnt prepared
people are harsh
people dont mind business
he only has bachelor degree
cant find a job
too much curiosity
that outfit is dear to me
that woman is nice 
the plane went and left me
the plane went in the sky
went on the sky
mosquitos come at night
she is sick
people laugh at this
this behaviour isnt accepted
like those dont come
what they did is too much
they deserve it
thats more than a hit
his mother told me he woudl accoppany you
long story needs time
he is doomed if his parents know
when you marry remember this
you bought utensils yet
speaking to mom
mom should be respected
do what she pleases
this holiday went fast
no one came
good bread
bought too many toys
what wont work i will throw it 
he have bad family
is my father still here
stop talking
i hesterically laughing
our house or  hardwork
sun is too much on my head
may we find better people
where are you at
i'm at city
thank you
hows your family
family is good
any news in study
nothing just studying
too much homework
when she went she asks no more
she went away altogether
dont speak about it
i met them at souk
pass my regards to your mom
have fun traveling
you went abroad
where are you going
i was happy when i saw it
its been a while now
i need to search to find it
wait until you find a project
are you accepted in teaching position
i was accepted
i dont know her age
its mother who told me
my aunt was accepted in training
its open now
inscription is open
go to takwin
has high premise
too many subjects
chose what you wil lfit you
too many location
mom they lies to her
this one is a new lie
cant be trusted
that table on the corner
she was accepted in teaching position
i saw her name on a liste
i dont know if she is her or not
she died during war
works at a private school
her mother told me to come
is there a home beside home
i dont know
good luck
how much you pay
we spoke a bit
why you dont speak to me
this school dont pay too well
they are foreign people
waste of time
read its better
i know a girl works for 450dh
she went to her husband
i dont know
he didnt give me a clue
you told her to say nothing
you tell her to say nothing
where is a production center
i asked about him on good will
i'm being sincere
i dont feel well
we go way back
we spoiled our relationship
its not a problem to do one problem
the problem is to do another problem
learn from your mistakes
not just with you
you need to fight to win
same behaviour with all
its normal these deeds
the school adds nothing
dont lower price
one must perserve its image
ok to keep pc ?
old relationship get forgotten
we go way back
she wasnt like that
she changed a lot
i'm sure you wont like it
bad place to live in
not just any relationship
she did bad to me
the problem from that time
she must be saying same thing about me
maybe i changed
just be patient
god help us
true that
god help us all
what do you do for a living
cant give you any news on her
she doesnt ask no more
i miss the old day
we need to gather some time
i cook well
i cook good meals
just kidding
we need to get you married
do you know ho to paint
mom says i need to learn
get married 
true what your mother says
even if you work you need to learn
maybe could be useful
everything available
street food isnt healthy
you need funds
when will you go to bm
why are you like that
why ?
you chnaged when i saw you in the market
last time your face was normal
you have too many acne
your mustach is bigger than my dads
i disconnected wifi 
dont eat street food
i have many acne
too much frekles
i saw the robber and he ran
i'm looking for my pocket
i dont know what to do in the evening
its been an hour waiting for you now
i removed the code from the phone
the tv is broken
he is like a rat
how do you remove stains
i regret removing it
its imperative you have sew
just like sausage machine
we cut plants with this machine
this time i cultivate flour
tomorrow i cut plants
i need to handle plants
its became dry
go spill water
it will grow up
insects ate my plants
cultivating is beneficial this year
they cultivated olives
olives are scarce
i cultivated one bucket of olives
olive oil is good 
its scarce use it responisbly
i'm waiting my turn
i will extract olives
bring laborers
butter give you acne
too much water
i spil lwater
i will lend you money
i need 100 alf
you need to get your visa
dont buy house on loan
chimio sessions are expensive
we are weak people
millionaire is broke
he is coming on a broken donkey
i'm waiting till he comes to go
i need to fix my curriculum
im going down
azmir is in turkey
yesterday i ate watermelon
its just bullshit
if you to bribe
too much money spent on hospitl
hospital requires nepotism
feeding bottle is hard
just leave it to me
i cant sleep
the hit i took
i have toothache
my tooth hurts me
when will restriction canceled
the mask chokes you
agriculture is beneficial
pits are drying up
only rocks on floor
you make me angry
cover the food on the table
this pommade isnt any good
i took a spot for hospital
this man is on the hospital
give me solution for this problem
they told me my friend has died
visa cost are cheap
you become old early
i pray to god
when you go to bm tell me
its in her home
come to my house on Saturday
you are invited 
are you going to get married ?
you are invited on Saturday
come you are very welcome
go to floor get the clothes
i could call you
everything will go just fine
focus on your study
where are you at
which kind of event 
my head hurting
im getting married
wait till my wedding day
for the feast
during wedding will talk
congrats to you too
call me 
you need to come
whats his name
whats his age
what does he do
you will be my wing
im stressed
welcome miss
when is the wedding
mostly summer
why you watch too much
i work for an enterpreise
she went
tomorrow i come to you
come today
you are welcomed
is she home
i hope i'm available
i have other plans
inform if something comes up
i must find you
when you come tomorrow
she will go on Wednesday
we need to go too
no time
found her on market
only tomottow remains
im going to beni mellal
im packing my clothes
with whom are you coming
she went to bm
i cant come alone
where does she live
she lives in mghila
she lives alone ?
how much the rent
she lives with some girls
dont you know you sister
i need to rent
you study in presence
rent a room to yourself
i need to go look
try a cheap room
how much are you pay for rent
still renting
no i dont  rent
its too much i stay renting
no need to study
what did you do n your exams
still waiting for results
may you hear good news
im unlucky
i saw only one subject
requires second session
you will pass just be patient
im afraid to fail
i have girl at my home
told me to come now
tomorrow i get them
i need to rest a bt
not just to come and go
what you think
sokti is near me
be afraid of mom
i will know from her
keep this between us
i didnt what you hear
you did something bad
 i bought a cookie
dont want to be with you
i cant separate from my son
at least in the city
i will cme and will tal kto you
i will be at home by 3
so no one would know
you still talk 
we cut it before
i finished to job
you have exams tomorrow
did you pass
too much haze
wedding was last  week
send me what you told me
only you didnt come
good help you
we will cheer you
hows your tooth
i'm on a diet
where are you at
just wuth my family
she is on her room
i will do it these too days
i need you to speak to me
i'm alone
just some people in my family
can you be reliable
would you like to travel
look someone else
you better
whats better
if you cant see something
try to it like that
i cant you already know
i not skillful
you need someone else
no one worked with you before
just in my hands
i want a small painting
small design
see who will come
no problem
see if you find smeone
didnt find anyone
come sit with me
bring your sis
want to tell them
i worked in a city
she went from dawar
dawar is empty
everyone went abroad
dies in the ocean
they drawn
everyone died in dawar
could burry anyone
she drawn on ocean
too many people died
my neighbor sons died
ocean ate everyone
too many corpses in ocean
tried to go abraod
the ocean denied them
ocean is agressive
eat a croissant
clean your house
dont trust no one
whats happening at your house
hows the climate
we waiting for you inside
i want to come to you but i'm shy
bad material
you arent reliable
weird  way
i will come at you
to sit a bit 
parents still here everyone else go
evening i come at you
when will you go to bm
no one is going this week
if you picture something show me
you have bnothing to photo
did you receive my messages
i only took videos
ill try with them and come to you
ill send you your money
everyone looking at me
hows your day
i acted like a drunk
house full of people
when you will go to your house
im not available tomorrow
come to me Saturday
i will wait dont be late
they came
i dont wanna talk to you
i left her alone
ill see if there is time
you harsh on people
thats why i hung up
too much jealousy
you have bad ill
they are werid
she asked your sister
my sister just following me 
just with hard work
hows marriage my sister
i want a clue
you want a rdv ?
pc of my aunti
red better than black
she didnt come to to me
you came on vehicle
too much confidence
hows your marriage
you became house wife
i ask you on their behalf
you talk to them
you clsoe to them
you started studying
still late
we started this month
bus is late
hows dawar
dawar still the same
like you left it
i work at hospital
you know wh works in big hospital
one guy in hospital
i know no one in hospital
youi work Saturday
you work Saturday morning
you will work Saturday morning
who had deutsch certificate
i only have an attestattion
who give certificates
he has bachelor
they give bacherlor
who passed internship at onep
he has internship report
send me your pdf
i got the lesson
send me the teacher lessojn
send me videos
teacher sent it to me
show me the way you did
i dont know hot to send
guys are you okay
where are first years lesson
i have bcg lessons
library of foad
give me lessons name
you will find at uncle
i hope he has them
im in a far city
do you have links
of groups
talk to the teacher
he send them via post
you have superviisor number
i want pfe subject
im looking for pfe
we were agreeing
i found problem in pfe
of organisation
eveyone speaks differently
we will work it together
we will agree beforehand
agreement is good
so eveyrhting go well
you were at fst
i studied at fst
im from fes
far away
i have family in this city
i can do internship
no problem in internshipo
you did internship befre
everyone knows their stuff
paper at dest
i did inter at laoratory
you have a clue about teacher
he want as to be at pfe
i will ask pfe teacher
my friend has a master of chimic
see house then pay rent
they have good reputation
fair grading
they dont help your for your pfe
you work alone on your project
you have all the work alone
there is rain bring your umbrella
they give lacking information
they dont put grading on website
they should work and not waste time
ask your questions
i will work fast
if we work together it will be easier
i agree with you
we need to be close to work
calm down dont be nervous
we should search together
we should discect information together
we do what we agreed on
do you disect info then you talk about it
conservative ideas
you think you are right
cannot be discussed
you find too much dificulties
whatever you say is correct
the discussion of your subject
we should discuss it
searching makes you patient
sab is everything
i have familly there
i focus on two points
we should just put effort
old research are important
we ask people
we sign the agreement today
there are people who could help us
good orientation counts
i have a friend who could help
there are some good groups
i need to belong to a group
when should we speak to him
we end s5 then we send
we end s5 then we think ahead
please send me organique
its available just cannot be shown
please send it cant find it
i will receive it then send it
the girl didnt find it
how i received i sent it
didnt look whats written
no problem
they will post it again
they post on the group
we will look and will know whats there
i want a photo with you
we send today or tomorrow
send before someone send before us
they wont be of help
you found the subject
to send it now
i have a good topic
its better he gives us the topic
you speak to him
we only need his gmail adress
there is a website of fst
look if we could find it
its better we send email
to meet is better than a call
number is lacking
ok wait to call
gmail is better
we send in gmail would be better
could you speak to him please
no problem
the first is always hard
we how to sent it
we wont read it as he receives it
we send it like that
i will make the message and show it to you
we will send it via whatsapp
give me your name please
send it via email
wait till tomorrow
see if this is a good message
like this
good send it now
send me a teacher to correct
dont overcomplicate it
he didnt answer about my holiday
i finished my job
i didnt get paid yet
to teacher answered me
we see something in bm
dont close the topic
girls wont travel alone
internship is important
we need to finish our exams first
we go see our application for internship
i will search after s5
my clothes are wet
study hassim
i dont like crowdy people
he didnt wake up well
he is angry at you
he doesnt think like me
he has good reputation
i live in another country
he is my neighbor
he likes black
he is stubborn
he eat while standing
i agree with your terms
he is the reasons for this feeling
this flat is equipped
this book is too old
you are well dressed
the room is clean
he is tiny
he is tall
he is skizophrenic
be humble
this is fantastic
he doesnt know this
he isnt well educated
this film is respectful
you sick my friend
he is anonymous
he is weird this dude
this shop is expensive
you became bald
he is independant
he is aware of his clothes
this house is for rent
this is a code
he is nuts
this shirt is colored
he does nothing in his life
you think deeply
he is in love
you still new
he is disciplined in his prayers
he dress accordingly
he wont come
i'm prideful
he speaks good arabic
this is well developed
this is disciplinary measures
why are you stupid
this makes me happy
you are a bum
he is weird 
dont add bullshit
this bath is hot
you scared me
this comes with time
he wairs for you outside
this docs are for work
this singer is popular
he is shy in front of you
i like organisation
i hid him in my room
your imagination is too big
weird what you say
dont argue with me
he doesnt pretend
this is ministery statement
this is made by a moroccan
be understanding
this weather is clear
this chicken is still alive
he isnt even well behaved
he works very well
he is average
he finished his job
couldnt go along
he is bulding a carrer
this is not logical
you need to finish this job
he is dizzy
you have cooperative spirit
he is disciplined 
he doesnt want to go outside
he is always inside his room
you can get your food
this is original product
he didnt succeed
he isnt disciplined
all my friends are rich
the national code is laic
this game is fun
this is just for now
everyone assisted for this gift
this will never end
this doesnt fulfill
he can do nothing
the house fall of in the nighbor
i will go to the municipality
im too excited
he is introverted
he is too nervous
this job didnt work too well
imagine your phon falling off
a carrier hit me
he likes gnawa
he is just kidding with you
he signs well
this is too long
i'm shy to swim
this is just pretentious
i wont wait for too long
this is too depressing
he is under
i didnt find the entrance
maybe they will go out
he is talented
we will be friend forever
my muscles hurt
the weather is magical
half is understandable
everything is clear
the board is unclear
we should care for young boys
this was expected
a dog stroke me
he is contradicted
some fruits are seasonal
this is glorious
you spoiled things
i dont see to will
this isnt final
the salon is well decorated
how much you smoke a day
he has good post
some dimocracy
he is too jealous
this is imaginary
he robs publically
i found it close
this is wrong
you changed
he is more muscular than you
you got accustomed ?
he is weird
he is dizzy
i justified this
he is in a relationship
the story is too imprtant
rice is spilled
who is this beardguy
he isnt important
its extraordinary
this beach is exceptional
he is french
he is spanish
he is american
he is chinese
he is hidden there
he is sure you robbed
this meal is imprtant
i'm lucky
there are getting to know each other
he left the job
he is too dramatic
this is just for now
this color is gold
this match is amical
they play chilling
his mother cooks for him
he plays in professional match
he changed radically
this mother is sensitive
he is out of mosquet
this field is flat
he is dramatic
he is wrong
he isnt fit
this meal is healthy
this offer is global
this car is fast
he is introverted this guy
he is way too lucky
he is lean wont find clothes
this change is observatory
this what i say is secret
i love this kouskous
this shirt is wet
this player is phenomenal
this machine is electronic
this cost of mountaint
this chair of wood
this teacher is talented
this student learns adab
this man is harsh
when you take job you will feel comfy
you will do an operation
this shirt is old
this virus is spread
you tell me he visited the city
she playing a classical music
he is her favorite son
he has plenty of clothes
too suggary
i'm planning a trap
i empathize with you
its against what yo usaid
this exercise is imprtant
this exam is hard
this place goes well
he makes well msemen
the family is stable
he is always straight
this dog is scary
this plan is strategic
this grading is excellent
this clinic is my friend's go to it
this student is intelligent
this job is going well
this glass is cold
this national code isnt well made
my husband is sad
my husband thinks about his loans
this place is sacred
this place is habitable
he travelled via boat
he lives in a villa
this spider is sticking on me
its excellent there is no wars
this historic world
this judge is fair
this programme is accurate
its clear you will fail
what you cooked isnt sufficient
we learn with money
we do relationship for money
we study remotely
he is honest with good people
he is too far wont come today
he is jobless for long time
this boy is too kind
this sickness is psychological
this dog is small
these rocks are soft
this dog is agressive
this is getting late
he is thinkg about something else
this girl is sensitive
this is the best restaurant
this program is related to the resturant
this restaurant is close
this teacher is thankful
this boy is cute
this judge is fair in his judgement
this theatre is seasonal
this film is entertaining
this boy helps me
he is my collegue
this song is classical
this place is dirty
dont go to karyan 
its rewarding
this boy isnt too smart
this painter is talented
this is a revolutionary movement
he lost hope
he is being sued
he has speeding ticket
he doesnt respect circulation code
what you do is not legal
this match is legendary
is packed stuff in my car
this job isnt official
after this meal
we have an experiement on a rat
we have a global breakfast
they gossip on me
i will give him his soul
this phone is charged
this place is historical
this is fairly logical
this guy isnt for you
this knife is sharp
its logical you take this continent
this guy is funny
this market is weekly
this construction isnt good
this businessman is humble
i'm tight on money
i get money quickly
i sleep on class
this student is intelligent
he is responsible for his son crime
love is reciproque between them
this painter is talented
only trust your sibling
he is alone in his house
there are some problem you have nothing to do with
this point is marginal
this blood matches
he brought what he said he will bring
he eats a lot
he is passing a verbal exam
he goes to beach naked
election are near
i like to pass  hard exams
this coffee is light
the strong doesnt tire
he is too ambitious
he brings client just with talking
just read this story please
this restaurant is well known
he is shy from girls
its god decision
this is a mock exqm
this is hard was he is passing through
this country support palestine
he is rude and ill will
this man is compatible with my daughter
he is swimming inside of the sea
this student only comes during exams
this road is better than the curvy one
this sickness is genetic
he is just acting to get a penalty
this shirt is no longer good
he loves bad girls
he is going near the beach
he is always having a nice time
this rock is too hard
this dad always hit his sons
he is too much in love with this girl
he is getting pretty
this is a special dog kind
this book is beneficial
we only go on the bus
this is a moroccan product
his head is like a rectangle
he is a personal guard
he has good prices
this judge is fair
this sickness is fatal
i have saved one million
this project is beneficial
he is the only one in the market
he has bought a new car
they have a new change in the administration
he stays at the school
my sister will marry new week
this water isnt sufficient
anyone can go to this beach
this chair isnt comfortable
he is too loyal
next time there will be a storm
respect your parents
why are you telling me this
i'm just talking
his father is too harsh
he has various products
he is respectful god helps his parents
you changed a lot
i called you long time ago
they sell raw phosphor
this man isnt trustful
they do what they want
he has a good outfit
i'm fed up
you are not funny
he says nonesense
he is making me angry
this boy is kind
you should respect the limits
they place is protected by the cops
he works at the bank
at the end of the month i will get paid
this charge is practical
this boy is deep
they will officially increase my pay
he eats healthy food
this person is familiar
he brought too much food
fans are celebrating
criteria of success
this wall is strong wont fall
its in the middle of the city
this place is in front of shop
our place is falling
i need new furnitures
he is seeing his deeds
he works in technical stuff
you will vomit when you wil lget pregnant
they have dorms in the university
he has good ratings
this veggies are fresh
a rat entered the house
that volcano will errupt
chamali people lives here
this is a religious day
they hold a cultural meeting
they will hit them hard
this person is respectful
this imam is conservative
this code is basic
the house is clean
too much this scream
he is studying in public school
this code is introductory
your grading is bellow average
this milk is warm
this man is stranger
this habitation is compatible
this boy is liked
they fired him quickly
they are calculating the cost
we came on time
this food is for entire month
democraty now everyone has rules
this place is oriental
this program is educational
this man is muscular
he is a science curriculum
my head hurting me cant work
this snake is poisnous
i had a food poisoning
he brought twice the money
he will finish his task and go with us
this boy is too familiar
this is historical
they live south
this boy is well behaved
i go everyday to the beach
they are free one week now
you are well civilized
people above me deranged me
the killer is clear
dont shame him
this cat is small
moon is shining
too many good deeds
the alternative you bring is nothing
its attractive this man
pay attention too much
he is too dynamic makes too much noise
this man is dirty
parking is empty
this war is bloody
the doc is examining him
he is too old will die soon
we are getting improvement
this video is old
this sentence is short
he is having a family
this entreprise is excellent
this living room is spacious
this room is tiny
he can beat us all
they stroke me
its too much ripe
this solution is excellent
he teach at the school
he is minor dad going to jail
this short is too big will fall down
this bracelet is rare
this knife is sharp
this player is phenomenal
this wont ever change
you cant stay naked like this
you always will be sick
he is too fat this is becoming a sickness
this decision is exceptional
the is in the breakfast menu
you will get free orange juice
this is a new invention
this is a big sheep
he has already lent this home
this is secondary
its weird you go outside at night
its hard to live in dark
this boy is excemplary
he is a communist
last time he will do it
he is staying at home
he needs to have a trial
the price is full
this dog is big
this rat is alive
he is cultivating plants
you need to see a doc asap
he acts badly
he is always finding money
this marriage is old way
this job is volontary
this boy is dramatic
this is temporary
what i bought is gold
he scammed me
this project requires me
this team is unbeatable
they changed gouvernement radically
this girl is sensitive
he isnt pursuing path of god
he doesnt understand anything
he is emotionally weak
your are wrong from the start
he is always breaking the glass
this is a healthy cake
just try this food
eat this food dont waste time
this animal is fast
this is administratively wrong
he is silent
is there someone in the ocean
he is weak dont abuse him
you will lose million gambling
they held a secret meeting
i like wel behaved people
he touched your pride
this tshirt is wet
he will start cursing
this striker is phenomenal
they entreprise is digital
dont mumble
you can see who is the strong
this is a wood table
this teacher is regirous
he did a chemical reaction
this chemical reaction blew the house
be good with your friend
i want to study arts
this is hard for you
you can see who is losing
this honey is authentic
you could go to the police
this pants are not any good
this sickness is spread
this teacher is catholic
this is a classical lesson
this is my favorite book
he is affiliated with socialist parti plotic
many people do prostitution
this oranges is tasty
this is not good what you do
he trusts me
he scored own goal
this is healthy for you health
dont  go hard on yourself
this outfit goes well
this car is fast
he lives here for many years
he is coming straight to you
this dogs scares me too much
this strategy gave its fruit
he did a well substiture
this clinic isnt doing well
this teacher knows his stuff
the fans are dominant
this food is too cold
the national code could be changed
my uncle is ferious at me
this is theoric dont bother
this kid is overthinking
this book is sacred
i live near the beach
i have already lived near the beach
he lives in karyan
he want to exploit your money
you are unlucky
there is some music
what you are doing is extraordinary
this teacher is fair with his students
this job is very accurate
i think i'm just wasting my time
my neck hurts me
this is scarce to you
this is too much for you
this is remotely
this boy is too honest
he is way up your league
he is jobless for a time now
he is kind like his mom
this is a psychological sickness
this dogs has just been born
this sea rock is soft
this boxer is aggressive
gouvermenet will change
he has funds for his party
i did too many classes
his nickname is shark
the cops are spying on my phone
i bought this stuff next to my house
the teacher is thankful for this grading
this boy is cute like his parents
the teacher is frank with you
this day is seasonal
this game was fun
we study about the universe
this is my colleague
this film is classical
change us this dirty class
its rewarding
your boy isnt thinking straight
this painter is talented
this decision is final
we are in comedy section
you are always happy
i lost hope
they bribed the judge
bribe is haram
the othoman empire had vanished
is not good to curse people
you need to invent
phosphour is imprtant in cultivation
your contract isnt official
this orange is bitter
we need to gather during eid
they tell bad story
i will give you my soul
he has charged the goods
the winner tells the history
its not good to go prison
this man is too nervous
this stick is sharp
what you said is logical
this boy has well reputation
this is unorganized constraction
this man is humble
my friend is broke
i sew with a machine
he is sleaping in the sea
he is too smart
he is responsible for what he says
this artist is talented
only family can be trusted
he is the only one screaming
they dont talk about the other regions
this weird what you talk about
this is compatible with what you says
this is what it should be
he is worth voting for
oral exam is hard
he is always naked in the bath
bribe could get you to rule
i need a stick
this is light
this boy abuse his parent
he is too ambitious
he isnt well liked
this girl is mature
this is logical
he is a scammer
this is awkward
he is going for his children
experiment on this animal is dangerous
its hard to go to nuclear field
he is compassionate with poor countries
the envasion lasted too long
this cop is evil
this time suits me
he lives between mountains
our son grew up
this short is too big
i want to try this short
this rule is unchangeable
he acts too well
this sports shirt is no longer any good
he is dynamic
we will visit a beach city
he has good gradings
this rock is breaking
this pool is deep
we have too many tourists
this plage is not clean
clean will your skin
its healthy for the skin
this wifi is portable
he is an apple producer
he is too shallow emotionally
guard of his royalty
this price is cheap
the beach is stable
he killed a band
he has saved many millions
this project is beneficial
this is a contestant
match goes on smal ldetails
this is administratively illegal
this country is corrupt
you sister is cute
my sister is religious
this food is not sufficient
entry requires fees
this chair is uncomfortable
this dog is loyal
a tsunami will hit
should be good to your parent
my money is yours
this neigghborhood is empty
this father is harsh
this meal is diverse
this person is chivalrious
the weather change too much
these are costumes
this is raw phosphour
this person is suspecious
this is a selection exam
this is a custom made pants
this exam is half half
the exam was hard
he speaks too much
his action was dileberal
he speaks in good manner
he is introverted
he consipres with his mother
dont insult prophet
this is liquid soap
this strike is with a knife
this is bad news
this is a math problem
this team had good defense
this is a monumental construction
this food is bad for you
this is manual
this cookie is like a circle
this is an arogant student
these are religious customes
we have nothing to do with him
i dont like this guy
he is too jealous
we made it to final
this programme is good
this is not touched
he choosed his national team
he told me bad stuff about you
he swim in ocean
he like to play foot at night
hard times ahead
who stole it
no one knows who did it
this is a horrible crime
this guard is crazy
this striker is clincal
its logical you do your errands now
wake up early for you errands
he woke up at morning to make breakfast
he cant leave you
there is a tsunami coming
what you say is irrelevant
he is too respectful
this spaniard lives here
these are police of the city
this cop made me angry
he is too stubborn
he is near the electricity 
what you said is legal
what you did is due to your poverty
no one knows that he drinks
this phone is old
he is too nice
too many dogs surrounded me
this boy is thin
this day is a long one
this is an irrelavant topic
our new neighbors are too loud
what you said is phenomenal
he doesnt know whats my problem
this boy is not mature yet
each day he brings a girl
he has a disciplinary issue
everyone crushes on this boy
this person is unknown
weird what you say
this hotel is empty
i have a big problem
this country is a part from France
he takes care of his granddad
she has a problem
cops did secret stuff
this person is crazy
this boy colored the paper
this food is tasty
my cousin loves me
this phone is brand new
your food is organized
you know how to dress
this is a jewish day
this is a psychological sickness
i have big vocabulary
i had hard times
your boy isnt well behaved
she came from country side
your boy will make you proud
he is a bum
this person is stranger to us
dont add illogical stuff
he loves her
this is enormous 
our country is improving
we sell it whit a better price
they gave him a work vehicule
this is a world wide problem
this person is shy 
this country has organisation issues
she is not faithful
dont imagine too much
i have never heard of this
he failed indefinitely
he doesnt make things up
they eliminated this ministre
the inventor died
the definition of this aya is not known
you dont have clues about sea
civil cops came
this insect is alive
police went away
this man is loyal
i made it by myself
this is just complementary
this mountain should fall
he is building a villa
its illogical a person could fly
you should respect the others
the floor is shining
the cooperation doesnt exist no more
your behaviour is bad
he doesnt want to go ahead
he wants money 
this is a choice
i'm from chamal
my project has failed
this boy isnt well behaved
he thinks he is a rich
we are laic now
this game is fun
this is temporary dont worry
he is paying for this project
this is a final decision no going back
this chair practical and comfy
they arrested the robber
he is a good photographer
i brought this paper fro municipality
he is excited he has good grading
this boy is introverted
he is already nervous
this contractual teacher has bad situation
you need to when this
we will die eventually
your footsteps vanished
i always want to surf
he goes with his gf to the beach
the participation of the fans is low
this animal is savage
this marriage is superficial
this marriage is not accepted
i wont forget what you did to me
he got depressed since his mom died
its in the lower drawer
they are cooking guts
this is complementary project
he born talented
this is a long term contract
your body is going bad
your speech is magical
i understand what you say
everyone knows what you are schemming
the contrat is unclear
this is marginal
this is a brutal rain
they want to strike moroco
the doctor is contradicted
this is a seasonal event
he cannot be trusted
he has focus issues
you cant focus on his eyes
this game cannot be finished
his house has good decor
he smoke expensive herbs
this house is calm
you office is messy
her husband is organised
i make stories up
you are driving me crazy
the class door is closed
this is a potion
he changed his clothes
this is true
he loves his dog
this boy is fun
he is always dizzy
he has his excuse
he is attached to you
i liked him since childhood
my teeth are messy
this man kindap boys
the price is double the usual
this actor is phenomenal
this offer cannot be refused
he was born in France
this spaniard born in morocco
this american studied in europe
this chinese studied in morocco
he hide in his friend entreprise
i sure he will succeed
this is luxurious
this remote control working
you look good
this is contrary to what your dad said
he is suspecious with his friend
i believe i have money
this drunk is scaring me
he is on a wheelchair
this is an excellent grade
this grade is good
he talks in suspecious way
he has assurance for his car
this improvement is noticable
this is sad what happened
i will learn art
they dont appreciate art in this contry
this boy cursed too much
this animal is savage
this boy is not well behaved
he is addicted to drugs
this boy doent get good grades
this dogs is too big
this cat is too small
the look from the mountain is excellent
he is in good mood
he is sad since his spouse died
i dont like this type of people
this husband always strikes his wife
my boss is nice with me
i have a bad employee
this student is diligent
this boy bullies me
this woman is curious
your friend is arrogant
my boss is humble
this dog is savage
this black man hit me
i follow my grandfather advices
this student is good
this boy is trustful
he always lie
he drugged you friend
he scammed me and took my money
this boy is nice
he is always optimistic
he is pesimistic
he is a driver professional
they conceaded a goal right away
this is practical and witha a good price
this medecin is efficient
lunch is ready
this room is too dark
this enterprise is private
this is a nice meal
the winds are cooling
he did a good deed to me
the sea is too cold
he is responsible for his sons
he served his time in jail
the science is improving
this bath is way too hot
its important you learn to swim
this will fly
you need to apply primal emergencies
cops stoped me
the future of this country
dont throw garbage
its clear who will take this girl
the oldest amoung us should sit
nucelar kill people
every year we die
too many fish in garbage
i had the highest grade
every year many million die from smoking
this year engineers will get a better pay
this idea is practical
this theory is too deep
you scored an official job
this job is stable
this girl is familiar
he gets too much money
he is in good mood
the crietria of failure
he exaggerated
the house maid came
he took her money in front of me
its imperative we win thisgame
he did an agreement for exportation
you say the truth
the problem is in the machine
its normal you get sick in this weather
the dorms are full this year
he has good gradings
these are fresh fruits
rat ate many things
you might fail with these type of answers
the north is full of tourists
religiously gambling is haram
you should be proud for your culture
they killed him he was by himself
this place is safe
this man is conservative
this party is shallow
this restaurant is clean
this is too muc hwhat you are doing
what you brought has vanished
primarly what you said is wrong
you cant access this university
this water is warm
this place is strange
the timing for traveling is right
this man is well praised
they have called us
you lost too much money
i will marry after bac
dont waste any more money
this president is democratic
this song is oriental
he works as a teacher
this is true
this is scientific
this parking is full
my brain is small
this is heavy thing
you made me ashamed
you won double what you invested
he talks fast
this is familiar food
his country has history
the climate of south is too hot
north climate is too cold
this is examplary
i make good money eeveryday
country has nice places
this place is civilized
the doctor is upstairs
the flat is good
his son is short
where did you bring this
i have candles
you need many years
they brought the alternative
this  boy is very attractive
this girl is very attractive
he takes care of his grandma
this dog is savage 
he doesnt think properly
we lost the war
i'm going abroad
he will die
he has brain cancer
this house is falling
he went on a shortcut
he is supporting his family
this project is well set
this place is spacious
this alley is tiny
they are stupid dont bother
its hard to live here
he doesnt smoke anylonger
this programme advises praying
this academy is excellent
he is still minor 
this parc is spacious
he whats you to understand
he is harsh be aware
dont say this in a meeting
take care of you husband
this place is spacious
he has diabetes
khalid eats a lot
this is life changing
we are right
this will change your mind
my grandfather is modern
respect him
he outpassed you
this is secondary
ive never seen something like that
dont give him this medecin
eat alone you deserve it
he is a chiaa
he is in the ocean
this story si too long
he went to haj
this yacht is too big
these insects are alive
this farmer is poor
i can explain
i will copy the lesson
i will tell you who i like more
i will give you dinner
i will take your carpet
i will support you
i will try
i will make you understand
i will work with you in this project
i will search with you
i will take you to the parc
i will finance your project
i will gather clothes with you
i will correct your mistakes
i will invite you to coffee
i will recompensate you
i will punish you
i will tell you what happened
i will extend your contract
i will invite you
i will give you a RDV
i will explain to you
i will make your clothes
i will punish you for this 
i will heal you
i will show you the way
i will walk slowly
i will bring you meat
i will decline your invite
i will pay this
i will fix your car
i will take a photo of beach
i will put this in the wall
i will call you
i will clean my hands
i will take of your phone
i will calm you
i will put phone on table
i will balance your sons
i will ask for your aunt
i will ask for my brother
i will increase your pay
i m going dirry
i will go dizzy
i will assist you
i will spoil the juice
i will get the dog's cord
i will apply the law
i will flex on you
im going to the dairy store
i will rest near the beach
i will waste my time on cafe
i will hit my brother
i will mix with classmates
i will agree with my father
i will call you at the doctor
i will confuse you
i will change you 
i will choose a good juice for you
i will make you coffee
i will adhere to the law
i will fix this exercice
i will appeal to the sentence
i will send you to prison
i will play at the parc
i will salute you once you enter
i will take you
i will confrontate father
i will sow you
i will clean this 
i will take twice this price
i will play a nice role
i will falsify this accusation
i will eat your apples
i will bring you good laborers
i will spoil you shirt
i will fix you an orange juice
i will fix your sheep
i will pay for you
i will meet my friends
i will ask for money
i wll suffer at desert
i will employ this poor
i will save my money
i will work at mima
i will help my friend
i will fix your hair
i will elevate my children well
i will express my love to you
i will organise my time 
i will fix his mood
i will elevate your mood
i will predict this match score
i will examinate the patient
i will exporate this veggies
i will bring you who loves you
i will fix the conclusion
i will shut door on you
i will cool you down with fan
i will make you hot
i will make you warm
i will confess
i will say what really happened
i will escalate the mountain
i will brush my teeth
i will produce fruits
i will fool you
i will fascinate you
i will reduce the price
i will remind you
i will feed you
i will emprove this country
i will give the students their papers
i will insult you
i will pay you for you job
i will give you the change
i will reduce noise
i will call you a taxi
i will give you a winning team
i will bother you 
i will harm you
i want to marry your daughter
i will break your mood
i will provok you
i will suggest a girl
i will wait for you favor
i will make this lesson
i will make you a useful tool
i will give you one advice
i will judge you
i will hug you
i will take the medecin
i will put chocolat in the milk
i will take this shirt 
i will gain weight
i will grap your hair
i will show you the law
i will pass time with you
i will breastfeed you
i will attach
i will go to prison for mureder
i will cry
i will be diligent
i will waste my studies
i will follow the robber
i will break bad
i will marry you
i will rest at brej
i will show you some websites
i will double you paycheck
i will mix two juices
i will strike boys
i will make you hurt
i will take breakfast
i will make an assumption
i will eat fish
i will buy veggies
i will race you
i will rob this country
i will freeze this water
i will take my meds
i will exchange clothes with you
i will do sports
i wll hit you
i will pass vacation here
i will put glass my bag
i will await for you
i will go mad
i will change this number
i will surrender
i wil ldare you to go outside
i will give you lower dose
i will make ways with good and bad
i will anounce bad
i will reconcil between them
i will start a winning project
 i will coordinate with them
i will insult him he deserves it
i will insut his parents
i will make you a meal
i will make my clothes
i will cancel this lawsuite
i will cancel this lawsuite
i will change the contract
i will change the contract with her
i will drive for first time
i will mix these juices
i will tell you what to do
i will tell you what to do
i will hit him
 i will slap her
i will invite him
i will invite her
i will focus on my studies
i will tell him we deserved to win
i will reduce the price
i will give you a nice price for room
i will give you nice price for her
i will host a minister
i will fix this country
i have some sheeps
i will give you some money to do gorceries
i will tell you when to go outside
i will reserve some time for family
i will supervise a construction project
i will not hang with bad company
i will support crypto investment
i will pray for first time
i will write you a marriage certification
i'm a witness of this marriage
i will harm him
i will punish him
i will harm my neighbor home
i will show you my msucles
i will drink coffee
i wil lclose garage
i will jump from window
i will die from hunger
i will play football outside
i will harm the dog place
i will protect him
i will not let good enter
i will scream to this boys
i will attend to a meeting
i will brush the board
i will hate you in this city
i will read  you the text
i will take care of exportation of fruits
i will build this house
i will leave morocco
i will insult this singer
i will sing to you
i will flee the cops
i will start cooking lunch
i will praise my teachers
i will drive to the parking
i will try to find the robber amoung you
i will follow this scammer
i will enclose this place
i will spy on this drug dealer
i will close my house tonight
i will color this diagramme
i will gamble on this game
i will always appreciate you even after marriage
i will leave the house
i will interrupt you i need to go
i will vonfuse you
i will vote for you
i will arrange a good price
i will hid this barking dog
i will well elevate my sons
i will renovate these houses and sell them
i will break bad if i follow this company
i will fry fish
i will find the cheater
i will make a video
i will calculate the subscribers
i will destroy your chanel
i will well sew this shirt
i will take a photo with a player
i will congratulate you for you success
i will take back whats mine
i will go to the beach
i will supervise this laborer
i will try this coffee
i will scare you
i will fool thsi boy
i will inspire the boys
i will heal
i will master this 
i will finish his job
i will modify this law
i will vandalize this car
i will ask you to do your job in time
i will excute you
i will leave a good reputation
i will be a girl's crush
i will filter these people
i will justify my tardiness
i will make my son lose weight
i still didnt do nothing 
i wil lwalk by the beach
i will renovate the road
i will laugh with her
i will go on the bus
i will invent a nice object
i will invent an electricity car
i will close the shop by Friday
i will think and come back with a decision
i will touch this dog and see if he bites
i will take good seas pectures
i will expose this boy
i will cheat on the next exam
i will block my gf
i will tire the dog and flee afterwards
i will ask about his reputation
i will gonflate the ballon
i will bring girl and party
i will confronte my teacher
i will improve the city mark my words
i will decorate this house
i will exploit my employee by giving him small paycheck
i will expose you
i will just miss if i follow you
i will choke the dog if i leave him there
i will protect you be sure
i will eat a bit of sauce
i will subscribe to this field
i will teach you how to gamble
i will leave it for god
i will hit on her
i will disrupt uou
i will sneak on him
i will fake this book
i will mix these soups
i will revise my arabic lesson
i will not scam you
leave me be or i will get mad at you
i will leave beside you
i will ease your pain
i will heal this sick man
i will guide you to the house
i will leak the exam
i will smooth you skin
i will hit you with a rock
i will stock some food
i will leave my phone in the bag
i will join thsi group
i will never leave you
i will not give it attention
i will cease this contract
i will conclude this contract
i will spill this cream on you
i will endure this sickness
i will listen to you
i will grade your work
i will bring you back your money
i will reward you for your work
i will call the cops
i will turn off the phone
i will sit on the chair
i will cheat on this exam
i will peel this orange
i will think and tell you
i will revise for the exam
i will try a good approach
i will give you back your money
i will solve the problem
i will clean the house
i will build a villa next to the beach
i will drawn you in the ocean
i will train with you
i will invest on this person
i will wash my clothes
i will subscribe to this chanel
i will explain to you
i will show you who will win
i will tackle him
i dare you to outrace me
i will dare you
i will own a house
i will debate you
i will climb this tree
i will make you a caftan
i will perserve my religion
i will give you a new organ
i will do a heart 
i will resume to you
i will shoot you
i will dispose of you
i will improve quality of product
i will look to your children
i will buy you some salty pasteries
i will charge my phone
i will look this topic
i will bring the lizar
i will understand the lesson
i will dance at the party
i will wake up
i will pray
i will score a nice goal
i will suffer in this lake
i will do some surf
i will commit a murder
i will look for precious sea stuff
i will show you this probaility
i will forgive you
i will explain this whole problem
i will share this useful work
i will meet some ministers
i will negotiate the price
i will take this water
i will change your name
i wil ltake this shirt
i will get mad
i will qualify our team using bribe
i will get angry at you
i will unleach the dog
i will paint the ouse
i will write whqt to bring
i will give you a reward
i will lend you
i will build an office
i will be active on class
i deserve the cup award
i will confront you
i will invite you for my marriage
i will come to the airport meet me there
i will make you an outfit
i will lose 
i will inform you via message
i will grow in this country
i will give you a hard hit
i will show you an easy way
i will convince you easily
i will take this this bit
i will strengthen myself in the gym
i will take a small bite from your meal
i will invite you to my marriage sessio
i will abaondon my sons an go abroad
i will answer all your questions
i will shake once i get out
i will fix this photo on the wall
i will pretend i'm rich
i will ask my parent
i will share my money
i will join this organisation
i will invistigate with a cup
i will rule this country
i will have an operation
i will bring you a gift
i will push him to fall
i will defend this match
i will show you what he does
i will show you what to choose
i will cancel this rule
i will take this euro money
i will retire
i will organise the goods
i will facilitate your job
i will pour this juice in the glass
i will sew some clothes
i will pray in the back
i will show you the limits
i will show you the names
i will show you how much money remains
i will support you
i will copy this paper
i will improve too much
i will tire soo much
i will talk to you about this
i will object to this decision
i will strengthen myself
i will help you find a job
i will need you to bring me
i will protect my children from cars
i will get along in this city
i will tighthen my shoes
i will see how's it's like at the market
i will make so much money in this project
i will stutter while reading
i will appreciate you for your hardness
i will assure you this place is safe
i will give you number of winners
i will wear a suit
i will exchange money to euro
i will retire from teaching
i will pray for you
i will do you good
i will give you a handmade juice
i will sew some handmade shrits
i will take a turn
i wil lshow you what to colorate
i will add your children in the school
i will show you home many km rest
i will support you to succeed
i will take a national card
i will get nervous stop talking
i will show you how i can run
i will marry a girl from fes
i will marry my home girl
i will take protein
i will talk to a cop
i need some dates
i will stop my father from eating salty food
i will  provoque you
i will get along with the weather
i will tighten my suit
i will exportate fruits abroad
i will take your money
i will take a ballong
i will make you like me
i will make you a good photo
i need to try something
i will rent a house by myself
i'm responsible now
i will try to read you this
i will move your dog
i will give you supplemantary salary
i can escalate this mountain
i will hit my cousin so he can wake up from sleep
the dog wont bite you dont worry
i will wear his stuff
i deserve to win the cup
i will tell my wife to wear her clothes
i will postopone the RDV
i cant imagine myself failing
i need to revise thsi topic
i will not follow this learning approach
i will not vomit it hurts me badly
i will not think with you about your problem
i will not eat
i will not drink alcohol
i will not scam good people
i will not excercice
i will not invest in this poor country
i dont want to clean the clothes by myself
i will not surpasse to speed limit
i will clarify these problem
i will not fall i need to learn skating
i will not contest him
i will not say what you want
i dont want to own a house at  a mountain
i will not argue with my father he is stubborn
i will not climb this falling tree
i will no give you the details
i will not keep these clothes
i will not do a heart operation
i will not mind it my dad doesnt treat me well
i will not talk to you
i will not buy this boring story
i will not shoot these birds
i will not improve my manners
i will not watch over your children
i will not buy you a gift
i will not charge this dying phone
i will not ask this arrogant man
i will not examinate this patient
i will not udnerstand the lesson
i will not dance i'm tired
i will not wake you up at the morning
i will not pray for now at least
"i will not call you, you dont answer"
"i will not score, that's enough"
"i will not fall, everyone laughs at me"
i will not comite a crime
i will not find something precious
i will not think about it
i will not invite you i cant
i won't explain this to you anymore because you are dumb
i will not publish this paper
i will not meet him he speaks too much
i will not negotiate the contract
i will not analyse this text
i will not take you to a doc
i will not add this to you
i will not bother 
i will not spend your money
i will not plain with you
i will not leave the dog untied
i will not paint the house
i will not show you the shortcut
i will not give it attention
i will not lend money
i will not construct
i will not be active on class
i will not go through the mountain
i will not go through curves
i will not pass through this neighbor
i will not go abraod its not like what it seems
i will not make a cake you dont eat it
i will not bake a cake
my refrigirator isnt any good
i will not send you money through him
i will not cook to you 
i will not take you to the park
i will not play in this field
i will not be sufficient i want all the money
i will not play with this team
i will not eat cumin
i will not eat this disgusting food
i will not go to this family party
i will not abandon my family
i will not answer you 
i will not shake when i got outside the sea
i will not be compassionate with these scammers
i will not exxagerate
i will not take your advice
i will not share my money
i will not talk to you
i will not follow my dream
i will not control my son
i will not do this operation 
i will not bring you a syrop
i will not be arrogant
i will not give you time
i will not make you angry
i will not exhange my money to dollars
i will not retire i will teach for 3 years
i will not trade this car
i will not make it easy for me
i will not sew clothes leave them like that
i will not go back
i will not add you to this school
i will not think about my school
i will not support you
i will not take this paper it has no ink
i will not improve
i will not make you tired go sit there
i will not go bad with you
i will not close the door on him
i will not exaggerate
i will not joke with you
i dont want the old shirt
i will not watch the tv it has bad scren
i will not follow treatment i'd rather die
i will not get along with bad people
i will not accept your letter
i will not read these stories
i will not be harsh on my chidren
i will not flatten your tires
i will not lie to you
i will not use a website to my restaurant
i will not augmentate the vies
i will not care for my country
i will not stutter
i will not go hard on her
i will not add this to you its okay
i will not appreciate you anylonger
i will not hit dogs it bad
i will not count days till ramadan
i will not wear the bracelet
i will not sue you
i will not rob you
i will not take these infos
i will not add you to the group
i will not postpone this rdv
i will not clarify anymore
i will not cheat anyhlonger
i will not descriminare between my children
i will take you to the imam
i will not invocie you mych money
i will not be proud of you
i will elevate your mood
i will not explain to you
i will not work with you
i will not befriend people
i will not go to you to beach
i will not do this project
i will not gather rocks
i will not correct the assignements
i will not swim i get sick
i will not reimburse you for the damage
i will not steel any longer
i will not change my barber
i will not go hard on my son
 i will not invite you to meet my family
i will assign you a day
i will not hurry
i will not take clothes off
i will not end it
i will not talk to him now
i will not talk to him too much
i will not maste my time
i will not do you problems
i will not accept his invitation
i will do a statstic on less seen matchs
i will not fix your bycicle
this bycicle cannot be repeared
this watch cannot be repaired
i will not follow this law
i will not hang my clothes on the window
i wil not make you in a rush
i will not wash my dirty hands
i will not take off his money
i will not calm him he is always angry
i will not be any more productive
i will not balance my chidren
i will not ask my mother to cook for me
i will not ask you you are a good guy
i will not fire things up
i will not help him
i will not wash my hands here
i will not throw this rope
i will not have a fight with you
i will not flex on you
i will not be surprise
i will not calm him down
i will not spoil your vacation
i will not have a fight with my brother
i will not join this group
i will not argue with you
i will not call you 
i will not call you now
i will not stop smoking
i will not do drugs
i will not eat another meal
i will not follow the laws
i will not find the solution
i will not appeal to the judgement
i will not take my salary
i will not have fun
i will not shake his hands
i will not hurry up
i will not confront my parent
i will not show you leave me be
i will not delete the messages 
i will not need the double
i will not die faithfully
i will not eat figgs
i will not confirm this bad financial decision
i will show you the bitter truth of your wife
i will not make a spoiled apple juice
i will not tie this dog
i will not pay the electricity bill
i will not pay the water bill
i will not meet him
i will not ask him money
i iwill not suffer from this poverty
i will not work with you cheater
i will not hide anythingfrom you
i will not work these lights
i will no cooperate with them
honestly life is hard
i will not stay outside by night
i will not go in this tunnel
i will not buy that shirt
i will not praise you
i will not organize my food
i will be responsible
i wil not lighten the mood
i will not expect anyhthing good from you
i will not examinate this talking patient
i will not exportate the fruits to spain
i will not repeat my words
i will not do this excercice i want to go home
i will not close the door its dangerous outside
i will not talk to you you didnt pay your respect to my parent
you didnt pay respect to my passing parents
i will take of some of the clothes
i will warm myself its hot here
i will not confess mind your business
i will not clim the moutain
this is a poor toothpaste
i will not produce oranges
i will not fool you this meat is not good
i will not surprise you leave mebe
i will not reduce the price of the product
i will not wash this clothes 
i wll not feed this baby
i will not come to this place
i will not give my money to singers
i will not insult you
i will not pay the tax
i will not give you clothes
i already ate
i was drinking
i just came
i just go
i understood you
i'm explaining
i learnt coding
i was outside
i heard it somewhere
i saw your friend in tetouan
i smelled a bad smell
i tasted what you made
i hit the wall
i went to the resturant
i'm coming to you
i went to north
i went to agadir
i'm swimming in pool
i was drawning
i wear jalaba
i sneaked out from class
i bought what you want
i sold the ring
i stayed in the sun
i wrote my lessons
i cleaned the glass
i walked rapidly
i have shaken your hand
i was tired
i was tired on the road
i was laughing out loud
i was sad at you
i hit the spot
i was in bad place
i cercled your name
i told you what to do
i was at the barber
i have saved you a spot
i brought bread
i wanted to tell you
i found scarf under bed
i gave you keys
i worked on summer
i was on the living room
 i need some money
something bit me
i wake early
i put gorceries in fridge
i filled fridge
i started reading a book
i washed utensils
i liked it
i was away
i dont eat salt
i did my hair
i trusted you 
i tried this resturant
i voted for you
i remembered you
i went there
i showed you where
i played this game
i run before
i read the story
i was watched the show
i watched the film
i booked a ticket
i spoke to him
i thanked him
i changed the house
i ate my food
i ate well
i wished to come
i followed him
i wanted to come
i took it to its owner
i spotted them
i sat there
i won the game
i gained height
i learnt the lesson
i was wating for you
i sent a message
i went away him
i bought you the medecins
i found it open
i built the wall
i chose a color
i reached him
i decided what to do
i did my clothes
i watched the game
i spoiled the flowers
i walked near the beach
i had a dog
i was bad before
i cause him
i broke glass
i heard that song
i came back
i was not satisfied
i was tight
i was supporting you
i was pregnant
i dried my hair
i killed a cockroach
i was driving
i lied to yo
too much lying
i took the tumor
i was in an argument with a shop
i bought groceries
i traveled with my parents
i came to his wedding
i talked to him harshly
i was suffering with him
i failed a semester
i foudn the pen
you did him bad
i was focused
i took out the trash
i baked a cake
i studied with him
you were arrogant
i clicked on the button
i took the guests
i called you 
i fixed my sandals
i escaped a thief
i won a medal
i was on the flos
i eat two times
i applied a second strategy
i fixed my living room
i assured him
you did bad deeds
i have married
i took the heritgae
i adopted an orphan
i igored him
i made you meet each others
i was ready to go
i excercised yesterday
i healed
i convinced him to come
i looked for hamza
i fixed the tv
you denied me
i saved money
i succeed my bac
i want some money from you
i admit my mistake
i calculated the money
i took revenge
i was suspecious
i sing in festival
i will not go through door
i will will not speak to teacher
i thought he forgot me
i thought i will study
i thought he will did it voluntarly
i thought he will speak to his friend
if only i invited people
if only he forgot her
if only i respond to message
if only i mixed the juice
if only i fixed whats broken
if only i was innocent
if only i told you
if only i had heritage
if only i was in this association
if only i had an objective
if only i ruled the world
if only i did not the operation
if only i brought what i want
if only i weighted it
if only i went abroad
if only i was capable to be more beautiful
if only i could do some sorcery to him
if only i canceld subscription
if only i cashed my money
if only i retired
if only i reimbursed you
if only i had lot of money
if only i could drink milk
if only i was in this club
if only i went back
if only i traced my road
if only i enlisted all
if only i counted fast
if only i remebered a lot
if only i had those papers
if only i was not nervous
if only i confessed to him
if only i entered 
if only i objected
if only i had power
if only i played
if only i didnt need anything
if only i counted them
if only if focred this
if only i was not nervous
if only i took my dog outside
if only i was better
if only i ruled everyone
if only i was liked
if only i had new skills
if only i was capable for everything
if only i resigned from my job
if only i didnt stutter
ig only i didnt waste money
if only i was useful
if only i drive better
if only i played foot better
if only i fly
if only i weared nice dress
if only i was able to sue him
if only i reassured him
if only i draw well
if only i went to school
if only i postponed it
if only i was rich
if only i joined you
if only i fleed
if only i started my project
if only i went to pray 
if only i changed my dress
if only i did good
if only i followed you
if only i was taller
if only i focused on my children
if only i guarded my house
if only i colored pictures
if only i bet
if only i traveled
if only  i went abroad
if only i bought ticked
if only i financed project
if only i voted
if only i went to lunch
if only i beat you in this game
if only i grew faster
if only i repeated this year
if only i stroke him
if only i had a dog
if only i found a job
if only i went to sleep
if only i did it in eye beat
if only i lived in nice place
if only i teleported
if only i took nice photos 
if only i went to you
if only only i slept better
if only i went down to you
if only i took a rest
if only i tried new food
if only i scared you
if only i fooled you
if only i saw inspiration
if only i healed
if only i got my stuff right
if only i continued my path
if only i changed matters
if only i made my clothes
if only i swam
if only i studied what i want
if only i was invisible
if only i didnt get lost
if only i choosed what i want
if only i had an excuse
if only i lost weight
if only i had a diet
if only i started studying
if only i had a balcony
if only i could speak to you
if only i drove with you
if only i invented something
if only i created a machine
if only i could close doors
if only i knew my neighbors well
if only he ceased existing
if only i took a photo
if only i crushed this table
if only i sais this faster
if only i blocked him
if only i took off my glasses
if only i could get a glimpse
if only i avoided problems
if only i took a break
if only i had an argument
if only i had better knowledge
if only my life was better
if only i took my chances
if only i wrote a book
if only it worked
if only i choke yiou
if only i lost more weight than you
if only i joined you
if only i taught you
if only i met you
if only i invited you
if only i disturbed you
if only i came to you
if only i went to cinema
if only i mixed two songs
if only i revised calmly
if only i outraced you
if only i had aichora toys
if only i lived in countryside
if only i softened your pain
if only i healed my sickness
if only i showed you the way
if only i flew in sky
if only my hair was soft
if only i aimed at you
if only i stocked the food
if only i said goodbye
if only i choosed this shirt
if only i drank water
if only i was not distrurbed
if only i avoided problems
if only i went to an empty place
if  only i withstand noise
if only i sing this song
if only i saved myself
if only i went to the past
if only i gave you reward
if only i called the police on him
if only i turned light off
if only i sat a bit
if only i elimnated cheat
if only i took the paint
if only i was calm
if only i revised 
if only i started this approach
if only i gave you back your money
if only i solved this problem
if only i drove 
if only i built a school
if only i was alone
if only i catched the train
if only i invested in a project
if only i avoided problems
if only i invited you
if only i explained my problem
if only i showed you old photos
if only i found what i looked for
if only i negotiated better
if only i did what i want
if only i changed my name
if only i brought food
if only i said no
if only i passed this interview
if only i vandalized this
if only i divorced
if only i painted my nails
if only i took my hidden goods
if only i took funds
if only i could lend you
if only i could construct
if only i was dynamic
if only i cut the papers
if only i had a better cut
if only i prepared that
if only i dropped what i dont need
if only i fixed situation
if only my sons were better
if only i sent you what you need
if only he studied at a better school
if only i gave you what you need
if only i showed you the way
if only i convinced you to come
if only you studied in the hall
if only i had bigger arms
if only i knocked at them
if only i vanished
if only i turned off my brain
if only i could explain this problem
if only i had my own house
if only i could be upside
if only i contested you
if only i took a gaze
if only i had a house
if only i spoek to someone
if only i glimped this mountain
if only i had a jellaba
if only i perserved these photos
if only i had a farm
if only i changed
if only i took my decision alone
if only i finished my job early
if only i shot him
if only i was forgiveful
if only i felt the situation
if only i mind my business
if only i bought new clothes
if only i added a window
if only i did my research
if only i aimed better
if only i understood my lessons
if only i learnt how to dance
if only i woke up early
if only prayed in time
if only i bought a phone
if only i scored 
if only i played in tabagoon
if only i catched the train
if only i avoided problems
why you dont wanna remember
why you dont wanan revise
why you dont wanna come near
why you dont wanna come back
why you dont wanna ask for me
why you dont wanna  learn driving
why you dont wanna  construct
why you dont wanna change your mind
 why you dont wanna  go in train
why you dont wanna   slow you work
 why you dont wanna change your house
 why you dont wanna eat lunch
why you dont wanna explain 
 why you dont wanna by a house
why you dont wanna go with us
why you dont wanna come to beach
why you dont wanna shower
why you dont wanna take you meds
why you dont wanna speak with us
why you dont wanna go upside
why you dont wanna buy jellaba
why you dont wanna revise your lesson
why you dont wanna get a decor
why you dont wanna go to new neighbor
why you dont wanna decide yet
why you dont wanna travel this year
why you dont wanna shot him
why you dont wanna ask us
why you dont wanna get a cut
why you dont wanna  look out for children
why you dont wanna buy me a cake
why you dont wanna charge your phone
why you dont wanna do your research
why you dont wanna bother me
 why you dont wanna understand your lesson
why you dont wanna dance
why you dont wanna wake up
why you dont wanna  pray
why you dont wanna talk on your phone
why you dont wanna score a goal
why you dont wanna  play in pool
why you dont wanna get a taxi
why you dont wanna buy new clothes
why you dont wanna get a dog
why you dont wanna forgive me
why you dont wanna explain the problem
why you dont wanna get thrash out
why you dont wanna look for the keys
why you dont wanna negotiate with him
why you dont wanna explain the text
 why you dont wanna choose a name
why you dont wanna go to gym
why you dont wanna stop being sad
why you dont wanna get out of school
why you dont wanna leave those people
why you dont wanna tleo
why you dont wanna repaint the house
why you dont wanna give me details
why you dont wanna ask for funds
why you dont wanna lend money
why you dont wanna connect
why you dont wanna engage with us
why you dont wanna enter to me
why you dont wanna get a beard cut
why you dont wanna make lunch
why you dont wanna go down
why you dont wanna get dressed
why you dont wanna lie to him
why you dont wanna send colis
why you dont wanna educate yourself
why you dont wanna learn new job
why you dont wanna take a guide
why you dont wanna be satisfied
why you dont wanna fight me
why you dont wanna go to gyl
why you dont wanna knock
why you dont wanna invite him
why you dont wanna leave him alone
why you dont wanna answer on phone
why you dont wanna make a juice
why you dont wanna fix the table
why you dont wanna make harira
why you dont wanna discuss with him
why you dont wanna split with me
why you dont wanna join an association
why you dont wanna set your goals
why you dont wanna becomme rich
why you dont wanna do an operation
 why you dont wanna bring groceries
why you dont wanna explain what happened
why you dont wanna apply abroad
why you dont wanna wear new outfit
why you dont wanna join the party
why you dont wanna come to meeting
 why you dont wanna lose money
 why you dont wanna retired
why you dont wanna meet new people
why you dont wanna look for easy stuff
why you dont wanna spoil watter
why you dont wanna go back
why you dont wanna make lunch
why you dont wanna get eyebrows
why you dont wanna join this school
why you dont wanna count money
why you dont wanna suprivise this exam
why you dont wanna get your lessons
why you dont wanna rest
why you dont wanna sleep
why you dont wanna wake uo
why you dont wanna object this
why you dont wanna enter to me
why you dont wanna learn a book
why you dont wanna wash up
why you dont wanna clean garbage
why you dont wanna knock on door
why you dont try to get along
why you dont wanna tight your zif
why you dont wanna make your room
why you dont wanna ask for your kaws
why you dont wanna fight for him
why you dont wanna avoid suffering
why you dont wanna buy new utensils
why you dont wanna buy groceries
why you dont wanna retire from your job
why you dont wanna drop whats spoiled
why you dont wanna mix the juice
why you dont wanna add volume
why you dont wanna play football
why you dont wanna appreciate your efforts
why you dont wanna imitate him
why you dont wanna wear the gift
why you dont wanna tell it to plice
why you dont wanna confirm your reservation
why you dont wanna resign
why you dont wanna bring goods abroad
why you dont wanna postpone your travel
why you dont wanna explain the issue
why you dont wanna listen to me
why you dont wanna surpass this place
why you dont wanna increase price
why you dont wanna look for rent
why you dont wanna appreciate yourself
why you dont wanna take the bags
why you dont wanna understand
why you dont wanna work
why you dont wanna be absent for two days
why you dont wanna follow me
why you dont wanna fund my project
why you dont wanna get your clothes
why you dont wanna correct your mistakes
why you dont wanna go to beach
why you dont wanna rewatch the movie
why you dont wanna follow the robber
why you dont wanna go away
why you dont wanna get longer
why you dont wanna object this abuse
why you dont wanna do your clothes
why you dont wanna get hurry
why you dont wanna get your clothes
why you dont wanna eat what i made
why you dont wanna insert coin
why you dont wanna go to mall
why you dont wanna slow dow
why you dont wanna calm down
why you dont wanna forget your problem
why you dont wanna buy cheap bag
why you dont wanna fix the car
why you dont wanna apply the laws
why you dont wanna do your hair
why you dont wanna get hurry
why you dont wanna change the sink
why you dont wanna erase the pot
why you dont wanna calm down
why you dont wanna object
why you dont wanna balance your life
why you dont wanna ask him to help you
why you dont wanna make your mind
why you dont wanna give advance
why you dont wanna turn off fire
why you dont wanna help my hard work
why you dont wanna open water
why you dont wanna fix the bed
why you dont wanna losen the bird
why you dont wanna take a photo
why you dont wanna buy a mirror
why you dont wanna dont stress up
why you dont wanna take garbage off
why you dont wanna dont fight again
why you dont wanna get along in the group
why you dont wanna agree with us
why you dont wanna call the man
why you dont wanna avoid junk food
why you dont wanna leave me alone
why you dont wanna choose what you want
why you dont wanna dont impose on me
why you dont wanna vote 
why you dont wanna look for gold
why you dont wanna eat  
why you dont wanna appeal
why you dont wanna get on the road
why you dont wanna play 
why you dont wanna shake my hand
why you dont wanna confront him
why you dont wanna hurry up
why you dont wanna show on tv
why you dont wanna clean your face
why you dont wanna hurry on road
why you dont wanna wintess
why you dont wanna insert flowers
why you dont wanna affirm
why you dont wanna explore new places
why you dont wanna make an orange juice
why you dont wanna turn light off
why you dont wanna tighten your shoes
why you dont wanna meet your friends
why you dont wanna buy junk food
why you dont wanna take a photo with us
why you dont wanna bring people to help you
why you dont wanna hide from thief
why you dont wanna employ people
why you dont wanna help us
why you dont wanna avoid people
why you dont wanna suprivise people
why you dont wanna express your feelings
why you dont wanna join them
why you dont wanna forget
why you dont wanna  bring breakfast
why you dont wanna jump
why you dont wanna go play
why you dont wanna sign the contract
why you dont wanna  get busy
why you dont wanna get hem to leave
why you dont wanna open the suitcase
why you dont wanna eat sfenj
why you dont wanna close the door
why you dont wanna invite me
why you dont wanna get cool
why you dont wanna help him with his motorbike
why you dont wanna confess your issue
why you dont wanna stop bullying
why you dont wanna climb mountain
why you dont wanna  brush your hair
why you dont wanna go outside of water
why you dont wanna argue with him
why you dont wanna reduce price
why you dont wanna assume
why you dont wanna remember the good
why you dont wanna fo to madina
why you dont wanna eat chicken
why you dont wanna delived the bread
why you dont wanna guard
i thought that you will forget
i thought that he drive well
i thought that he built a house
i thought that you will beat him
i thought that you will play in soil field
i thought that you will invest in this project
i thought that this product have bubbles
i thought that he will be up to this point
i thought that he will clarify
i thought that he will own this house
i thought that he will break that player
i thought that you will dare him
i thought that you will gaze on this view
i thought that you have a shop
i thought that he will speak respectfully
i thought that he will climb the tree
i thought that he will customise good clothes
i thought that he will perserve what i gave him
i thought that he will sew
i thought that he will buy new furniture
i thought that respect the law
i thought that he will make good assumption
i thought that he will shoot the bird
i thought that he will have better butter
i thought that take a look at his young brother
i thought that he will buy a new field
i thought that he will charge his phone
i thought that he will search but he forgot
i thought that he will shot him
i thought that he will get what i said
i thought that he will dance
i thought that wake up early
i thought that pray fajr
i thought that he wil lcall me back
i thought that he score good goal
i thought that tackle him
i thought that he will commit a crime
i thought that he will find garbage here
i thought that he will get the theory
i thought that he will forgive me
i thought that explain the leson
i thought that he will publish his book
i thought that he will tie loose ends
i thought that he will negotiate the buying price
i thought that he will name him rayan
i thought that he will eat half
i thought that he will hit his leg
i thought that he will get mad
i thought that he wil lqualify the team
i thought that he will curse
i thought that he will be late
i thought that he will paint the wall
i thought that he will determin which color
i thought that they will fund him
i thought that he will lend me money
i thought that he will construct 
i thought that he will deserve this award
i thought that he will  a hat
i thought that he will  invite the president
i thought that he will  land here
i thought that he will fix his car
i thought that he will suffer the loss
i thought that he will  sned his friends
i thought that he will  buy and sell
i thought that he will hit the storm
i thought that he will  confront the teacher
i thought that he will hug him
i thought that he will become better playr
i thought that he will get bigger in gym
i thought that he will eat amlo
i thought that he will eat amlo of penuts
i thought that he will win the cuo
i thought that she will forsake her children 
i thought that he will win the award
i thought that he will answer his dad
i thought that he will shake after a swim
i thought that he will pretend poverty
i thought that he will advise me
i thought that he will split the heritage
i thought that he will join the administrative support of the team
i thought that he will win the cup
i thought that he will mind the law
i thought that he will do an operation
i thought that he will perserve the motobike
i thought that he will send me the papers
i thought that he will be arrogant with me
i thought that he will pretend badly
i thought that he will leave the law
i thought that he will exhange money to lira
i thought that he will retire from his job
i thought that my boss wil reimburse me
i thought that we would be better but only god knows
i thought that he will pour juice in glass
i thought that he wil lcustomise good shirt
i thought that he will back down
i thought that he will trace limits
i thought that he will enlist his children in a cheap school
i thought that he will count how much rest
i thought that he will cheer the fans
i thought that he will get the papers
i thought that he will be nervous in theater
i thought that he will get tired
i thought that he will speak to his friend slowly
i thought that he will object to that decision
i thought that he will exaggerate
i thought that he got a job but he suffered
i thought that he needed materials
i thought that he got in prison
i thought that it will get mess up and go to prison
i thought that he wil lget along in this city
i thought that he will tie the noose 
i thought that he will quote some sentences
i thought that he will control the ocean
i thought that he liked that sport
i thought that he will have a good store
i thought that he will elevate
i thought that he will scale
i thought that he will stutter
i thought that he will throw the pole to fish
i thought that he catched a fish
i thought that he will get the best mark
i thought that he will kick him
i thought that the dog bit him
i thought that he will dress his father
i thought that he will sue him
i thought that he will go to police
i thought that he brought his dad ciggs
i thought that he went to beach
i thought that he postponed that class
i thought that he clarified the lesson
i thought that he copied the lesson in the copybook
i thought that he has a prefered child
i thought that he broke his hand
i thought that he broke his teeth
i thought that he broke his face
i thought that he catched the falling phone
i thought that he join military
i thought that he took the plate to the kitchen
i thought that he understood what he said
i thought that he will work the machine
i thought that he will swim i nthe pool
i thought that he went to his father 
i thought that he funded the company
i thought that he gathered clothes for his parents
i thought that he correct the exam papers
i thought that he will compensate me
i thought that he compensated his mother
i thought that he grabbed a phone and stole it
i thought that he took me to the hospital
i thought that he will prolonge the contract
i thought that he will take breakfast with his family
i thought that he will determine when the wedding
i thought that he will hurry up
i thought that he will take his clothes
i thought that he will sue his uncle for what he stole
i thought that he will heal his father
i thought that he will get angry
i thought that he will not follow the law
i thought that he will buy a ticket
i thought that he wil lfix the house
i thought that they will apply the regulations
i thought that i can catch him
i thought that he will follow me but he didnt
 i thought that i broken the sink
i thought that he will rob me
i thought that i calmed down 
i thought that i calmed down quickly
i thought that he balanced his children
i thought that he will follow me through the door
i thought that i could make him assured
i thought that he will come quickly
i thought that fire will burn him
i thought that i will continue my job
i thought that he spilled the water
i thought that he will drawn me
i thought that my mother has same blood
i thought that he will be suprised
i thought that he will be relaxed at the news
i thought that this job will be unlucky
i thought that he will argue with his friends
i thought that he will follow his class
i thought that he will not agree with his father
i thought that he called his friend
i thought that he asked me 
i thought that  he changed his habbit
i thought that  he is jealous for his wife
i thought that  he swam in the beach
i thought that  he wil ldo what his mother asked
i thought that  he will do what his father want
i thought that  he will confront his father
i thought that  he will follow his prison
i thought that  he will catch the robber
i thought that  he will fall down
i thought that  he will buy a small dog
i thought that  he will be fast to end 
i thought that  he will confront him
i thought that  he will see him
i thought that water will spill
i thought that  his salary will double this month
i thought that  he will has plenty of offers
i thought that  he will die praying
i thought that  he will make it cheaper
i thought that  he not lie again
i thought that  he will spoil his shirt
i thought that  he be harsh on his children
i thought that  he tight the dog
i thought that  he will take his sons to enjoy time
i thought that  he will meet his children
i thought that  he will become a beggar
i thought that  he will suffer in heat
i thought that  he hide his money well
i thought that  he will see who is working
i thought that  he will find me a job
i thought that  he will give me money
i thought that  he will get lost in the desert
i thought that  he will confirm to me
i thought that  he will express his sadness
i thought that  he will time his project
i thought that  he start his project
i thought that  he has sore legs
i thought that  he will organize his time
i thought that  he criticise whats happening
i thought that  he will be fun
i thought that  he will predict the results
i thought that  he will give me time
i thought that  he will exportate the veggies abroad
i thought that  he will ensure to mee
i thought that  he will come to a good conclusion
i thought that  he will close his shop
i thought that  he will get his dog
i thought that  he will ask me to do it
i thought that  the cover will heat me
i thought that  he will say the truth
i thought that  he come near to us
i thought that  he climb the tree
i thought that  he clean his teeth
i thought that  he will produce olive oil
i thought that  he will expose me
i thought that  he will surprise me
i thought that  he will reduce the prices
i thought that  he will learn to wash his clothes
i thought that  he will ask his father for a favor
i thought that the doctor examined him
i thought that  he will give us money on eid
i thought that  he will pay him well
i thought that he will pay well his laborer
i thought that  he wil lgive his friend his computer back
i thought that will become polite
i thought that he will stop his doings
i thought that he will bother me but he didnt
i thought that  he will finish first on race
i thought that he will marry someone
i thought that he will teach his children islam
i thought that he will provoque me but he couldnt
i thought that he will reassure his father
i thought that he will gaze
i thought that will come to wedding early
i thought that he will invent somthing new
i thought that he will rule the country
i thought that he will convert to islam
i thought that he will confort his aunt
i thought that he will stop laughing this holiday
i thought that he will put sugar in his coffee
i thought that he will add sugar to coffee
i thought that he will sleep there
i thought that he will apply the rule
i thought that he wll invite few people
i thought that she will breast feed her son
i thought that he will marry a bad girl
i thought that he will be admin for a company
i thought that he will burry the victim
i thought that he will become better than me
i thought that  he will throw it but he couldnt
i thought that he will cry when he see orphans
i thought that he will follow the thieves
i thought that he will go bad
i thought that he will not spread the issue
i thought that he will start from scratch
i thought that  he will multiply his effort
i thought that he will break the door
i thought that he will mix this issue in class
i thought that he will win easily
i thought that it will take all my effort
i thought that this salary will suffice you
i thought that you will have a good supposition
i thought that he wil lcatch big fish
i thought that he will catch small fish
i thought that he will buy clothes from market
i thought that he will buy cheap clothing
i thought that he wil lgrow old fast
he wont die he has 100 years
i thought that water will freeze
he puts too cold water in his stomach
i thought that he wil lclean his cut
hefound garden full of snakes
i thought that he will tiere from playing
he can tire this man
i thought that dog will follow me
the dog doesnt bite
i thought that he will drink all that water
he rarely drink water
i thought that you will put phone in your bag
i thought that he for got his phone in car
i thought that he will wait too much to win a cup
they wont the cup right away
i thought he will wear this way
i wasted this for nothing
i thought he will change
i thought he will surrender easily
i thought he lost hope
i thought that time will be harsh on me
he gave me all the time
i thought that he will cut my paycheck
the boss is a good person
i thought that he will like the colors
you are color blind
i thought that he will say good news
at the end he said bad news
i thought that he will forgive us
he is bad person
i thought that he will join this job
i thought that he will cooperate with groups
i thought that he wil lcurse all night long
just 5 minutes and he slept
i thought that he will make us happy
he made us angry
i thought that he wil lcook for us
but his leg hurted him he couldnt move
i thought that he will make his clothes
he left me suffer
i thought that he will take back his lawsuit
but he will never forgive him
i thought that he will say something useful
he doesnt know
i thought that his feelings will mix up
at the end he didnt care for his parents death
i thought that tourist will reduce this year
but tourist bring money
i thought that you will slap him
i thought that he will focus on his education
he doesnt care about his education
i thought that  you will go easy on him
i thought that you will reduce the price of gas
i thought that you will reserve a house beach
but we didnt find house beach
i thought that the king will invite him
but no one met him at the aeroport
i thought that the country will be better
but it didnt
i thought that he will take his sheeps out
but he didnt take them in fajr
i thought that  he will break my arm
my arm is fine
i thought that he will give his wife time
but he dforsake his wife
 i thought that he wil lwalk on a cqn
but he is fit he wont do it
i thought that  he will mind his business
but he is a man he didnt leave his friend
i thought that taxi drivers will make money
at the end the support hasnt come
i thought that he will call for pray
but he call pray one hour ago
i thought that he will give his wife a will
at the end he didn
i thought that he will watch the movie
i thought that he will punish his children
i thought that he will blow 
i thought that he will show his skills
i thought that he will stop smking
he smokes a long
i thought that he is closing hsi shops
he went broke and start selling his stuff
i thought that he will jump from window
i thought that bread will become hard
country side bread is good
i thought that  you will get alone together
but lot of things happened
i thought that that house will fall
but it remained stable and firm
i thought that i could protect him
i didnt feel well but i didnt mind
i thought that  i will stop eating chips
but i love chips
i thought that my dad will be furious at me
but he didnt talk to me
i thought that  he will have a RDV
i thought that he will delete all of this
but he doesnt even mind
i thought that the police will investigate
i thought that he will hate me
i thought that the teacher will read the lesson
i like the teacher reading the lesson
i thought that we will have a unified money in asiaщ
i thought that we would buy fresh veggies
i thought that they will buy nice house
i thought that the country will develop
i thought that he will criticize me for what i did
i thought that he wil lose oil
i thought that the dog will run away
its been minutes im running from dog
i thought that he will start writing his lesson
i thought that he will help me but he left me
i thought that he will park his car there
i thought that he will be nuts like me
i thought that he will volunteer
i thought that he will look for me in sickness
its been a while i'm sick and alone
i thought that  he will leave me alone in house
my father is nice leave me
i thought that  i will aprreciate you
i thought that i will leave the country
i thought that i will leave the country as soon as possible
i thought that he will interrupt me
i thought that i will vote but i changed my mind
i dont like him anymore i took bribe
i thought that you will treat him well
i thought that you discareded this bad habbit
i thought that i will grow veggies fast
i thought that i will tell him a story before i sleep
i thought that i will go bad
i thought that we will dry fish today
i thought that i will make those videos fast
i thought that i will gather my clothes
i thought that i will mess your job
i thought that i will make good couscous
i thought that i will take photo in this outfit
i thought that he will congratulate me in my wedding
i thought that he will give him his money back
i thought that i will go south the country
i thought that i will stop taking drugs
drugs are bad
i thought that he will try something new
i thought that they will accept me
i thought that  he will make me scared
i thought that he will inspire me
i thought that he wil lget better
i thought that he will do what i do
i thought that he wil lfinish his job fast
i thought that he will do his project
i thought that he will scratch my car
i thought that he will need some papers
i thought that  he will get executed
i thought that he will be good with his mother in law
i thought that  he wil get many ladies
i thought that  they will leave him alone
i thought that make an excuse
i thought that  this medcin works
i thought that  travel in third month
i thought that  he wil llove this girl
i thought that he will be fine with our jokes
i thought that he will keep talking
i thought that  get up to my head
i thought that invent something new
i thought that make rockets
i thought that he will think again
i thought that he will touch his pride
i thought that he will show me the exam
i thought that he will crash his car
i thought that he will cheat on the exam
i thought that he will get stuck
i thought that he will jinx my son
i thought that he will ask about me
i thought that he will set me a trap
i thought that he will show me around
i thought that he will argue with your gf
i thought that he will improve his life
i thought that he will make hsi house better
i thought that he will sieze the opportunity
i thought that he will be like us
i thought that he will choke me up with smell
i thought that he will protect me
i thought that he will play with us
i thought that he will eat with us
i thought that he will join this political party
i thought that he will train his children
i thought that he will divorse his wife
i thought that he will marry a pretty girl
i thought that he will sneak out
i thought that he will take a shower
i thought that he will mix oil with water
i thought that he will come back before exam
i thought that he will make me forget my mothers death
i thought that he will blow the houde
i thought that he will live in the
i thought that he will go easy on us
i thought that he will heal me fast
i thought that he will show me outside
i thought that he will leak the exam
i thought that he will soften his skin
i thought that he will throw a bottle
i thought that he will stock olive oil
i thought that he will put garbage in his house
i thought that he will be religious
i thought that he call his mother
i thought that he will stop
i thought that he spill oil
i thought that he support the pain
i thought that he will listen to me
i thought that he will come to his home
i thought that he tell the police
i thought that he turn off his phone
i thought that he will sit in the corner
i thought that he will cheat
i thought that he peel an apple
i thought that he will clarify the matter
i thought that i will cheat today
I dont think i will prefer my son over my daughter
I dont think i will  give my son a popular place
I dont think i will  borrow your book
I dont think i will  transfert money
I dont think i will  understand the lesson
I dont think i will  work with scammer
I dont think i will  go outside the door
I dont think i will  go with my son to school
I dont think i will  find a fund raiser
I dont think i will  gather clothes with you
I dont think i will  correct your mistakes
I dont think i will  buy you the phone you want
I dont think i will  go to grocerie
I dont think i will  steel 
I dont think i will  argue with dad
I dont think i will  get longer vacation
I dont think i will  invite strangers to the party
I dont think i will  invite other people than my friends
I dont think i will  come in time
I dont think i will  go in a hurry
I dont think i will dry up the clothes
I dont think i will  fix you this time
I dont think i will  become sportive
I dont think i will  fix cancer
I dont think you will become conscient
I dont think i will  follow your craziness
go live your life bro
I dont think i will  object to my son
I dont think i will  pay this
I dont think i will  fix the bus
I dont think i will  match my blood with mom
I dont think i will  catch the rope
I dont think i will  hurry 
I dont think i will  take off your freedom
I dont think i will  buy new sink
I dont think i will  wcalm you down
I dont think i will  object to the fans
I dont think i will  balance between my wives
I dont think i will  ask money from someone
I dont think i will  leave him alone
I dont think i will  outrace him
I dont think i will  burn in flames
I dont think i will  help you
I dont think i will  spill the glass
I dont think sea will carry you
I dont think i will  flex on you
I dont think i will  be surprised
I dont think i will  relax
I dont think i will  object to this project
I dont think i will  fight you
I dont think i will  go along
I dont think he will agree with his wife
I dont think i will  call you again
I dont think i will  care for you
I dont think u will change your habbits
I dont think you will choose what to do
your parents want you to study after bac
you parents will tell you what to study after bac
I dont think i will  drink this water
I dont think i will  mind this law
I dont think i will  call him again
I dont think i will  sue him in the court
he ran from prison
I dont think the cop will follow me
I dont think i will  fall if i played
I dont think i will  shake his hand
I dont think i will hurry just relax
I dont think we will play against this team
I dont think i will  smoke
I dont think i will  do drugs
I dont think i will  get addicted
I dont think i will  clean his dirty mouth
I dont think i will  win more than this
I dont think they will give us double the money
I dont think he will die praying
I dont think he will break something
I dont think he will do something else
I dont think the shirt will wear down
I dont think he will tie well the cow
I dont think i will  make a carrot juice
I dont think you will meet him
I dont think i will  sleep
I dont think he will endure with his sons
I dont think he will work with someoneщ
I dont think he will hide something
I dont think i wil lwork for him
I dont think you will help me
I dont think i will do your hair
I dont think i will be harsh on you
I dont think i will express 
I dont think you can do those moves
I dont think i will organize my time like you
I dont think i will save someone frow drowning
I dont think i can elevate your mood
I dont think i can expect something bad fom you
I dont think i wil lexminate him
I dont think i will exportate veggies
I dont think i will find a better solution
I dont think i will fix the door
I dont think i will invite you
I dont think i will be in heat
I dont think weather will be warm
I dont think he will admit his error
I dont think you can fool me
I dont think you can clim tree
I dont think you wash your teeth well
I dont think i will cultivate good veggies
I dont think i will lie to people
I dont think he will be good in theatre
I dont think the prices will drop
I dont think i will wash the clothes well
I dont think i can feed toddlers
I dont think i will get mad at you
I dont think he understood what i said
I dont think he will pay the guard
I dont think he will make money
I dont think he will cut down fatty food
I dont think stop working
I dont think he will go to academia
I dont think i will upset him
I dont think i will get a higher grade
I dont think you will marry her
I dont think i will appreciate you
I dont think  you can provoque me
I dont think you can protect me
I dont think  you can protect me from this
I dont think they will have good offer
I dont think he will get dynamic
I dont think he will find something good
I dont think he will become head of gouvernment
I dont think he will convertto islam
I dont think he will pay his respect
I dont think he will rule this company
his work is below average
I dont think the milk will be warm
I dont think he will exagerrate
I dont think the country side is good
I dont think he will sit
his back hurts him
I dont think  they will adhere to the law
I dont think he will drink his mother milk
I dont think he will be in a relationship
I dont think he will grow up
I dont think they will burry him tomorrow
today he died
I dont think i will succedd in y studied
I dont think i will fight off the guard
I dont think i will cry
I dont think he will follow the thief
they thief has ran away
I dont think i will become corrupt
I dont think i will keep your secret
I dont think i will praise him
I dont think i  will hack websites
I dont think you will pay me quickly
I dont think we will win against that team
I dont think i will end my mobile data
I dont think that glass will suffice
I dont think i will make you a tajine
I dont think i will barbecue th fish
I dont think i will buy a lot of groceries
I dont think i will race
I dont think i wil lgrow
I dont think i will freeze the water
I dont think the cut will heal
I dont think they will cut your fingers
I dont think they will suffer more
I dont think i will be crazy like you
I dont think  i will eat all thisfood
I dont think i will put the phone in my bag
I dont think i will wait more
I dont think he will go to mountain
I dont think he will change the bed
I dont think he wil lresign
I dont think i will cut the road on you
I dont think i will cut the down meat
I dont think i  can see these  colors
I dont think i can announce my fathers death
I dont think i will see your project
I dont think i will coordinate with him
I dont think i will outrace them
I dont think  i will sleep a bit
I dont think i will curse 
I dont think i will cook for you
I dont think i will make your clothes
I dont think i will fix your clothes
I dont think i will sign the contract
I dont think he will put too much effort in his work
I dont think i will mix your clothes
I dont think i will show you when to go
I dont think i will let the dog near me
I dont think  i will focus 
I dont think you deserve the award
I dont think he will reduce prices
I dont think he will lend you the car
I dont think he will invite them
I dont think improve the company
I dont think i will elevate chicken
I dont think i will eat rfissa
I dont think i will give you some time
I dont think my husband will upset me
I dont think he will drop the cake
I dont think he will cry 
I dont think he wil lcall for pray
I dont think he will sign my house
I dont think i will read my book
I dont think i will punish you
I dont think i will blow this ballon
I dont think i will do a diet
I dont think  i will make you happy sometime
I dont think i will jump from the window
I dont think i will feel hunger
I dont think he will get along with teacher
I dont think he will fix his teeth
I dont think he will protect you
I dont think he will forsake his sons
I dont think my parents  will yell at me
I dont think that rdv will be important
I dont think he will delete this shame
I dont think he will be sucessful
I dont think i will hate you
I dont think that sheep
I dont think he will clarify this
I dont think he will importate goods
I dont think he will construct a home
I dont think it will improve
I dont think he will critize you
I dont think oil price will go up
I dont think he will escape prison
I dont think he will be fool
I dont think he will forget your good
I dont think he will park his car here
I dont think he will descriminate his children
I dont think  you will follow me
I dont think you will shut this place down
I dont think he will pray there
I dont think he will be severe with you
I dont think i will forsake my life
I dont think  i can appreciate you sometime
I dont think i will leave my country
I dont think i will stop taking meds
I dont think i will vote for you
I dont think i will get along with you
I dont think you will go bad with me
I dont think the project will improve
I dont think he will explain what happened
I dont think i will go bad
I dont think it will burn me
I dont think the icecream will melt
I dont think i will make that video
I dont think i will slap her
I dont think i will sabotage your job
I dont think i will fix the cake
I dont think you can imagine what happened
I dont think i will congratulate him
I dont think  you can take your reveange
I dont think i can go with you there
I dont think i will stole someone
I dont think you can eat that food
I dont think he will be scared
I dont think he can fool you
I dont think he  will inspire you
I dont think he will heal youщ
I dont think he will be good in his job
I dont think he will stop studying
I dont think he will be fair with his family
I dont think he will protect his cat
I dont think it will require a lot of effort
I dont think you will pray fajr
I dont think he will strengthen his relation with you
I dont think he will be a womanizer
I dont think he will choose me
I dont think he will justify his mistake
I dont think he will throw me
I dont think march will pass good
I dont think he will go to prison
I dont think the short will become unfit
I dont think he will speak to you
I dont think he will sit on his motobike
I dont think he will invent something
I dont think he can make something surprising
I dont think he will shut the doors down
I dont think he will think again on this matter
I dont think he will touch my pride
I dont think he will picture this sihting
I dont think i will steel the car
I dont think i will cheat
I dont think i block you
I dont think i jinx you
I dont think ask where you study
I dont think i wil lfall for the trap
I dont think i will be a womanizer
I dont think i wil largue with him
I dont think you will improve your life
I dont think you will decorate your house
I dont think i will enjoy this vacation
I dont think i will have an heritage
I dont think i will mess 
I dont think i will choke
I dont think i will loose weight
I dont think i will eat rfissa
I dont think  i will subscribe
I dont think  i will do bad things
I dont think i will find you
I dont think i will harass girls
I dont think i will mind you
I dont think i will climb tree
I dont think i will fake the tourath
I dont think i will mix juices
I dont think i will revise my lesson
I dont think i will befriend him
I dont think this boat will sink
I dont think live in the karyan
I dont think go easy on you
I dont think heal you
I dont think show you the way
I dont think the exam will be leaked
I dont think he will hit you with a rock
I dont think he will soften his skin
I dont think  he will stock oranges
I dont think he will put clothes here
I dont think you will follow your religion
I dont think you will get  convocated
I dont think someone will care fir you
 I dont think  he will empty the box
I dont think you will hear noises
I dont think you support this
I dont think you mark this exam
I dont think he will go eat lunch
I dont think they give him award
I dont think he will call the cops
I dont think  the phone will turn off quickly
I dont think sit down there
I dont think i will cheat again
I dont think i will peel fruits
I dont think i will think about these problems
I dont think  i wil lrevise my lessons
I dont think  i will do this again
I dont think  i will revise this
I dont think  i will listen to that song again
I dont think  i will build a mosquet
I dont think  i will drive this car again
I dont think  i will tackle this player
I dont think  i will go to gym with you
I dont think  i will invest in this
I dont think  this product will produce bubbles
I dont think  i will lose too much money
I dont think  he will explain this lesson
I dont think  he will own a company
I dont think  he will break him if he tackles him
I dont think  i will dare you
I dont think  swim this way
I dont think  i will own luxurious stuff
I dont think  he wil lspeak with respect
I dont think  he will climb that tree
I dont think  he will customize a nice shirt
I dont think  he will perserve clothes
I dont think  i will do heart replacement
I dont think  i will wire the money
I dont think  we expected it
I dont think  shoot you
I dont think  complain to you
I dont think   i will improve this food
I dont think  i will look for you
I dont think  i will buy you clothes
I dont think   i will charge the bus
I dont think  i will search in this matter
I dont think  i will shot him down
I dont think  i will understand the lesson
I dont think  i will dance
I dont think  i will wake up late
I dont think  i will pray
I dont think  i will call you again
I dont think  he wll score
I dont think  he will slide in snow
I dont think  he will comit a fatal error
I dont think   they will fix it
I dont think  i will eliminate this probability
I dont think  i will excuse you
I dont think  i will explain this matter
I dont think  i will publish this journal
I dont think  i will meet them
I dont think  i will negotiate withthem
I dont think  i will analayse this text
I dont think   he will give him a good name
I dont think  he will sabotage this shirt
I dont think  he will get mad at me
I dont think  the team will qualify
I dont think  the controller will broke
I dont think  he will get angry at his wife
I dont think  he wll outrace her
I dont think  he will tell me what to do
I dont think  they wil give us good funds
you are too late for thinking
you are too late to revise
you are too late to suprvise
you are too late to come back
you are too late to ask
you are too late to drive
you are too late to bring me my book
you are too late to turn the page
you are too late to take the train
you are too late to invest
you are too late to pour the bottle
you are too late to reduce access
you are too late to explain
you are too late to rent a house
you are too late to touch the football
you are too late to suprivise him
you are too late to go to that cafe
you are too late to own
you are too late to speak to him
you are too late to go escalate
you are too late to clean the huse
you are too late to revise your lesson
you are too late to bring the good
you are too late to change your house
you are too late to be stable
you are too late to marry
you are too late to finish the job
you are too late to go up
you are too late to get a cut
you are too late to watch over children
you are too late to buy lunch
you are too late to charge up the phone
you are too late to do your research
you are too late to catch the rope
you are too late to go dance
you are too late to understand
you are too late to wake up
 you are too late to pray
you are too late to change your phone
you are too late to score
you are too late to snow
you are too late to drive a car
you are too late to admit your mistake
you are too late to avoid the pit
you are too late to get along
you are too late to explain
you are too late to read tge book
you are too late to meet him
you are too late to speak to him
you are too late to open the door
you are too late to choose a name
you are too late to father your clothes
you are too late to get the good
you are too late to contest
you are too late to have funding
you are too late to get mad
you are too late to finish painting
you are too late to say the detauks
you are too late to catch up to them
you are too late to lend me 
you are too late constructing
you are too late to lend me 
 you are too late to get independant
you are too late to go to the doctor
you are too late to choose what to study
you are too late to go to your house
you are too late to fix your window
you are too late to take responsability
you are too late to send email
you are too late to go in the bus
you are too late ask them
 you are too late to get a guide
 you are too late to convince him
 you are too late to start training
 you are too late to join the gym
 you are too late to knock on door
 you are too late to invite people
 you are too late to leave the house
 you are too late to answer phone
 you are too late to come to house
 you are too late to start studying
 you are too late to ask director
 you are too late to ask me
 you are too late to split the heritage
 you are too late to subscrube with us
 you are too late to reach the sumit
 you are too late to understand the regulations
 you are too late to ask for operation
 you are too late to look for job
 you are too late to look for it
 you are too late to apply dor the shool
 you are too late to bring clothes
 you are too late to count money
 you are too late to cancel the meeting
 you are too late to change sheets
 you are too late to ask for retirement
 you are too late to ask for surplus
 you are too late to name your child
 you are too late to pour tea
 you are too late to make tea
 you are too late to park
 you are too late to trace limits
 you are too late to write numbers
 you are too late to count papers
 you are too late to incite him to work
 you are too late to get papers
 you are too late to hide gold
 you are too late to dine
 you are too late to swim
 you are too late to object
 you are too late to jinx
 you are too late to get the chair
 you are too late to ask for the book
 you are too late to stop smoking
 you are too late to get muscles
 you are too late to get along
 you are too late to tie your shoes
 you are too late to read your lessons
 you are too late to change your work
 you are too late to change neighbrhood
 you are too late to prepare for wedding
 you are too late to start planning
 you are too late to get a cat
 you are too late to retire from work
 you are too late to start talking
 you are too late to move
 you are too late to get lean
 you are too late to take pills
 you are too late to read books
 you are too late to take photos
 you are too late to start talking to him
 you are too late to climb on horse
 you are too late to invent
 you are too late to close them
 you are too late to get cold
 you are too late to think again
 you are too late to clean glass
 you are too late to photographe me
 you are too late to expose him
 you are too late to sell music
 you are too late to lock them
 you are too late to choose someone else
 you are too late to ask about the problelm
 you are too late to avoid this trap
 you are too late to look for this problem
 you are too late to have a phd
 you are too late to improve your skills
 you are too late to become pretty
 you are too late to cease this opportunity
 you are too late to learn to draw
 you are too late to leave this none sense
 you are too late to stope choking
 you are too late to protect your brother
 you are too late to swim
 you are too late to partcipate in the game
 you are too late to learn this
 you are too late to leave the dog 
 you are too late to yell
 you are too late to stop suggar
 you are too late to sneak inside
 you are too late to make the table
 you are too late to get married
 you are too late to revise your lesson
 you are too late to make lunch
 you are too late to keep quite
 you are too late to live
 you are too late to get a haircut
 you are too late to get healed
 you are too late to grow up
 you are too late to stop the leak
 you are too late to organise your clothes
 you are too late to make msemen
 you are too late to stock goods
 you are too late to make up
 you are too late to clean floor
 you are too late too clean floor
 you are too late to complain
 you are too late to stope none sense
 you are too late to get boxes
 you are too late to be responsible
 you are too late to listen to me
 you are too late to corecct exams
 you are too late to return what you borrowed
 you are too late to exhange the award
 you are too late to tell the cops
 you are too late to turn off lights
 you are too late to get some rest
 you are too late to stop cheating
 you are too late to peel eggs
 you are too late to do a project
 you are too late to get old
 you are too late to dine
 you are too late to be young
 you are too late to listen
 you are too late to write your lessons
 you are too late to do your homework
 you are too late to punish him
 you are too late to drink bottle
 you are too late to invent something
 you are too late to clean your hand
you are too late to close window
you are too late to jump
you are too late to cover
you are too late to understand him
you are too late to to win
you are too late to  get good
you are too late to stop him
you are too late to cover from sun
you are too late to take a rdv
you are too late to clean dirt
you are too late to to set your goals
you are too late to excuse me
you are too late to to lay down
you are too late to  to win
you are too late to to get goods
you are too late to cinstruct
you are too late to improve
you are too late to to critize
you are too late to increase prices
you are too late to run
you are too late to start eating
you are too late to praise me
you are too late to find a spot
you are too late to to focus
you are too late to follow me
you are too late to to call him
you are too late to take cover
you are too late to be harsh
you are too late to draw
you are too late to gamble
you are too late to praise them
you are too late to leave
you are too late to to participate
you are too late to get clothes
you are too late to vote
you are too late to pay your bill
you are too late to brake
you are too late to to help
you are too late to make your hair
you are too late to avoid friends
you are too late to fry potatos
you are too late to find a job
you are too late to buy a jalaba
you are too late to leave the house
you are too late to explain
you are too late to accelerate
you are too late to take a picture
you are too late to praise him
you are too late to keep watching
you are too late to to swim
you are too late to stay up
you are too late to eat khli3
you are too late to scare him
you are too late to get thechange
you are too late to buy mobile data
you are too late to buy meds
you are too late to understand
you are too late to continue walking
you are too late to  make diner
you are too late to hide your files
you are too late to get a project
you are too late to fix your problems
you are too late to be in a relationship
you are too late to  arrive
you are too late to choose
you are too late to find an excuse
you are too late to go outside
you are too late to reserve
you are too late to invite people
you are too late to improve your skills
you are too late to  buy water
you are too late to forgive us
you are too late to to increase
you are too late to win
you are too late to get higher stage
you are too late to bring him with you
you are too late to  get your clothes
you are too late to sue him
you are too late to reassure him
you are too late to to keep buying
you are too late to go pray
you are too late to postpone
you are too late to clarify
you are too late to follow him
you are too late to outrace him
you are too late to  start exercicing
you are too late to  look for a teacher
you are too late to treat him good
you are too late to get a bank account
you are too late to understand
you are too late to get a job
you are too late to improve your life
you are too late be healthy
you are too late to find fund raising
you are too late to grab your suitcase
you are too late to fix your mistakes
you are too late to go abroad
you are too late to get along with this weather
you are too late to catch the thief
you are too late to go to your house
you are too late to heal your patients
you are too late to invite us
you are too late to handle your clothes
you are too late to bring them from school
you are too late to get soap
you are too late to fix your leaving room
you are too late to insert coin
you are too late to look for your brother
you are too late to slow down
you are too late to be quiet
you are too late to drink water
you are too late to get oil
you are too late to save the child
you are too late to get the fish
you are too late to bring papers
you are too late to get a haircut
you are too late to fix the sink
you are too late to take revenge
you are too late to pour the bottle
you are too late to object
you are too late to balance your life
you are too late to talk to him
you are too late to make up your mind
you are too late to give avance
you are too late to get the flames
you are too late to bring a lawyer
you are too late to mop the floor
you are too late to get the table
you are too late to tabq
you are too late to get healed
you are too late to go to bath
you are too late to change the place
you are too late to have a birthday party
 you are too late to return the goods
you are too late toconsum the veggies
you are too late to buy ingredients
you are too late to wait
you are too late to bring your son
you are too late to change your mindщ
you are too late to give yp
you are too late to give hime hard time
you are too late to go to beach
you are too late to separate
you are too late to anounce marriage
you are too late to make up your mind
you are too late to start project
you are too late to give milestone
you are too late to snap
you are too late to make atay
you are too late to make clothes
you are too late to waste your lawcase
you are too late to wash
you are too late to make breakfast
you are too late to buy sunscreen
you are too late to look if its open
you are too late to shoot him
you are too late to elevate your child
you are too late to focus on the movie
you are too late to enjoy your time
you are too late to put  down the phone
you are too late to stop this noise
you are too late to travel
you are too late to change road
you are too late to strike him
you are too late to get along
you are too late to disagree
you are too late to call him
you are too late to get off these chairs
you are too late to open the box
you are too late to learn to swim
you are too late to learn how to swim
you are too late to learn acting
you are too late to dig gold
you are too late to object to this
you are too late to appeal
you are too late to call me
you are too late to play
you are too late to shake his hand
you are too late to go fast
you are too late to confront him
you are too late to show up
you are too late to clean
you are too late to clean the house
you are too late to wipe the floor
you are too late to witness
you are too late to to give seeds
you are too late to confirm
you are too late to to bronze up
you are too late to to make orange juice
you are too late to to tie the dog
you are too late to to lie 
you are too late to meet your firends
you are too late to ask for file
you are too late to give me problems
you are too late to work it
you are too late to hide your files
you are too late to pay your bills
you are too late to help cooking
you are too late to clean sink
you are too late to suprivise heavily
you are too late to express your feelings
you are too late to  grow taller
you are too late to tie your knees
you are too late to borrow a car
you are too late to take him t oschool
you are too late to join a club
you are too late to sign contract
you are too late to feel me
you are too late to leave them be
you are too late to insist on me
you are too late to make this assumption
you are too late to bring it
you are too late to invite people
you are too late to fight off the heat
you are too late to light off the candes
you are too late to confess to police
you are too late to buy dates
you are too late to clim tree
you are too late to brush your hair
you are too late to ask for forgiveness
you are too late to do a visite
you are too late to take a boat
you are too late to cut down eating
you are too late to wash off clothes
you are too late to eat chicken
you are too late to go wander in the city
you are too late to give children suggar
you are too late to deny him from coming
you are too late to pay off bills
you are too late to bring me back home
you are too late to sleep
I dont think he wil llend me
I dont think i will buy new house
I dont think  i will interact with him
I dont think  he will win the cup
I dont think you will care for him
I dont think he will bring money
I dont think the fly will go away
I dont think will make up my clothes
I dont think i will lose this much
I dont think  i wil lsend you money
I dont think he will develop a dog fair
I dont think he will get sick
I dont think he will take us where we want
I dont think he will get enough  from his houses
I dont think he will win our team
I dont think he will scare him this much
I dont think  he wil leat rafissa
I dont think  you will forsake her
I dont think  i will answer your call
I dont think he will shake now
I dont think he will fix the board
you are too late to fix your project
you are too late to make a team
you are too late to make music
you are too late to grow up teeth
you are too late to give him a gift
you are too late to lend your home
you are too late to paint the wall
you are too late to  reassure your mother
you are too late to gaze on the sea
you are too late to come to wedding
you are too late to interact with the class
you are too late to invent something new
you are too late to judge this prodyct
you are too late to hug your baby
you are too late to choose a gift
you are too late to  try this sport
you are too late to melt the chocolate
you are too late to have a baby
you are too late to  lean
you are too late to apply regulations
you are too late to not be unsure
you are too late to breastfeed
you are too late to be in a relationship
you are too late to turn on radio
you are too late to kill insects
you are too late to get your passport
you are too late to find where to camp
you are too late to reduce price
you are too late to support your children
you are too late to fill in the walls
you are too late to customize the curtains
you are too late to feed your cats
you are too late to present your project
you are too late to get your house
you are too late to mix the paint
you are too late to clim the mountain
you are too late to fix your phone
you are too late to swim the dog
you are too late to start taking meds
you are too late to join this training
you are too late to buy Friday veggies
you are too late to join a race
you are too late to see where he arrived
i dont think he will pretend something bad
i dont think he will advise me
i dont think he will split with me
i dont think he will be precise
i dont think they will put new regulation
i dont think he did an operation
i dont think he will brign a gift
i dont think the police will call him
i dont think he will act well
i dont think he will shpw him how to solve the problem
i dont think they will leave the regulation
i dont think you will retire
i dont think he will balance his children
i dont think he will cheat at hij job
i dont think he will pour the juice
i dont think he will sew new clothes
i dont think i will go back down
i dont think say what the teacher wants
i dont think asks the teacher 
i dont think the teacher will grade me bad
i dont think you will inspire me 
i dont think get the paper
i dont think get too nervous
i dont think jinx you
i dont think speak to you badly
i dont think object to what you say
i dont think exaggerate
i dont think god will help
i dont think i will need all of this
i dont think i will stop yu
i dont think i will make you wim
i dont think you will get along
i dont think he will tie his shoes
i dont think he will quote me
i dont think he will be afraid
i dont think  exploid the ballon
i dont think he will be surprised
i dont think i will fix this shop
i dont think i will get more views
i dont think i will be idnependant
i dont think  you will stutter
i dont think you can move now
i dont think you can live after operation
i dont think you can walk again
i dont think you will snore too much
i dont think the dog will bite me
i dont think  wear respectful dress
i dont think  sue him
i dont think confirm to you
i dont think he go to her while naked
i dont think postpone driving license exam
I dare you to think what i think
I dare you to to revise without resting
I dare you to give me back my ballon
I dare you to solve this provlem
I dare you to drive this car
I dare you to construct in two months
I dare you to to tackle this player
I dare you to go to gym
I dare you to invest in this project
I dare you to wash your clothes
I dare you to swim in beach
I dare you to explain how to solve this problem
I dare you to own this house
I dare you to hurt that player
I dare you to outrace him
I dare you to see well in dark
I dare you to speak gently
I dare you to clim tree
I dare you to wear nice dress
I dare you to perserve your good outfit
I dare you to do heart operation
I dare you to exhange your money
I dare you to give me resume
I dare you to aim at me
I dare you to call the police
I dare you to improve your product
I dare you to surprvise them
I dare you to buy that boat
I dare you to charge your phone
I dare you to search on this matter
I dare you to aim at that bird
I dare you to understand that lesson
I dare you to dance oriental
I dare you to wake up your mother
I dare you to to call him a bum
I dare you to score a goal
I dare you to not  slide in snow
I dare you to not commit a crile
I dare you to find precious stuff in sea
I dare you to to udnerstand this assumption
I dare you to forgive him
I dare you to explain this aya
I dare you to dry your clothes
I dare you to meet popular player
I dare you to negotiatie a cheaper price
I dare you to explain this quote
I dare you to  give him a nice name
I dare you to stay like this
I dare you to get sad
I dare you to qualify to finals
I dare you to not losing against him
I dare you to unleash the dog
I dare you to outrace your brother
I dare you to win
I dare you to find my fundraising
I dare you to borrow from him
I dare you to costruct this house
I dare you to win the cup
I dare you to do like him
I dare you to give these kids best positions
I dare you to fix me this game
I dare you to lose all this
I dare you to send me a product
I dare you to swim in tornado
I dare you to get them to house
I dare you to to convince him
I dare you to qualify this team
I dare you to get a dog
I dare you to taste this bitter food
I dare you to call people on your wedding
I dare you to  leave your bad habbits
I dare you to answer irrespectfully
I dare you to not shake 
I dare you to fix the photo
I dare you to pretend poverty
I dare you to  take advice from your wife
I dare you to split money with your brothers
I dare you to join this association
I dare you to win a lot of money
I dare you to follow the law
I dare you to do two operations
I dare you to bring me two cheap phones
I dare you to find rent with this price
I dare you to push this big man
I dare you to act like this actor
I dare you to answer this question
I dare you to cancel this law
I dare you to exchange money 
I dare you to retire from your job a live with your family
I dare you to change your habbit
I dare you to show me easy way
I dare you to fool me
I dare you to sew a shirt like this
I dare you to turn back
I dare you to make a shape
I dare you to go to your son
I dare you to do this calculaton
I dare you to inspire this team
I dare you to copy these papers
I dare you to not get nervous
I dare you to not get tired
I dare you to speak rapidly
I dare you to object to this topic
I dare you to become fit
I dare you to drop you rclothes
I dare you to save a goal
I dare you to force me 
I dare you to get along this city
I dare you to tie your shoes
I dare you to control agriculture
I dare you not exploid ballon
I dare you to get upside this house
I dare you to be independent
I dare you to not stutter
I dare you to move 
I dare you to kick this sheep
I dare you not let dog bite you
I dare you to wear these clothes
I dare you to sue hil
I dare you to find company
I dare you to swim to the bottom of sea
I dare you to postpone the RDV
I dare you to clarify how you make money
I dare you to explain this lesson
I dare you to fix your hand quickly
I dare you to catch the I dare you to keys
I dare you to ask your friends
I dare you to wire money
I dare you to understand the lesson
I dare you to find trusthfull people to work with you 
I dare you to go to meeting and yell
I dare you to climb to the top of mountain
I dare you to fund this project
I dare you to gather your clothes in half hour
I dare you to correct ewam papers
I dare you to swim in this sea
I dare you to help me
I dare you to rob this big man
I dare you to give your boss contract
I dare you to object to this topic
I dare you to chose who will win
I dare you to hurry and not get it
I dare you to get clothes from roof
I dare you to be upset more than me
I dare you to refuse this contract
I dare you to resume all this year
I dare you to fix the gearbox of my car
I dare you not fall
I dare you to not break sink
I dare you to take back revenge
I dare you to calm him down
I dare you to confess to authorities
I dare you to balance between responsabilities
I dare you to take me a picture
I dare you to call me
I dare you to talk to this girl
I dare you to not burn in flames
I dare you to cooperate with you
I dare you to spill the water
I dare you to take the rope
I dare you to be his father
I dare you to calm her down
I dare you to rest in this place
I dare you to fight him off
I dare you to hit him
I dare you to not agree with him
I dare you to fight your wife
I dare you to find a better way
I dare you to eat more foor
I dare you to follow the law
I dare you to take the mix
I dare you todisagree with me
I dare you to bring a good fly
I dare you to play without falling
I dare you to say the truth
I dare you to look for him
I dare you to wipe the floor
I dare you to double your salary
I dare you to have a better offer
I dare you to he died praying
I dare you to buy avocado
I dare you to spoil this pants
I dare you to get an orange huice
I dare you to tie the sheep
I dare you to do haj
I dare you to meet that player
I dare you to ask for loan
I dare you to not to suffer
I dare you to work with good people
I dare you to hide in your house
I dare you to not ask him
I dare you to help those people
I dare you to to play at night
I dare you to  cross the road
I dare you to do this trick
I dare you to organize your time
I dare you to save this drawning kid
I dare you to enjoy your time at night
I dare you to predict the outcom
I dare you to sympathise with this patient
I dare you to exportate the fruits
I dare you to play with him
I dare you to break the door
I dare you to invite savages
I dare you to warm yourself up
I dare you to go in this scary neighbor
I dare you to climb this big tree
I dare you to wash your teeth
I dare you to produce these oranges
I dare you to to win agains me
I dare you to surprise me
I dare you to reduce prices
I dare you to to wash off yoru clothes
I dare you to eat more foor
I dare you to give off papers humbly
I think  of explaining what hapened
I think  of following this
I think  of traveling
I think  of staying at home
I think of going to bath
I think of go in car
I think of go in taxi
I think of going in train
I think of walking
I think of going in bus
I think of going in tram
I think of going in motobike
I think of going in bycicle
I think of going in plane
I think of going in boat
I think of repeat this
I think of call the cops
I think of going to sleep
I think of staying up
I think of invite him
I think of fix your clothes
I think of buy new clothes
I think of mop the floor
I think of fix the house
I think of tip him off
I think of taking a picture
I think of visiting him
I think of bring suitcase
I think of close the door
I think of bring  another bag
I think of taking my car to repear
I think of throwing garbage outside
I think of tying my hair
I think of increase voice
I think of fix this bottle
I think of fix my hair
I think of do my nails
I think of calling him
I think of going to cinema
I think of asking him to come
I dare you to get paid well
I dare you to stop eating suggar
I dare you to stop smoking
I dare you to have nice assembly
I dare you to annoy this old man
I dare you to ask her for marriage
I dare you to ask him to join the school
I dare you to provoque this player
I dare you to reassure him he is scared
I dare you to reassure him
I dare you to assist for the class
I dare you to invent something new
I dare you to rule with right
I dare you to lay in the bed
I dare you to say bad thinfs
I dare you to apply the law
I dare you to breastfeed your children
I dare you to be in a relationship
I dare you to  to be deligent
I dare you not be upset when you see that
I dare you to catch the thief
I dare you to hide your wife
I dare you to you dont cry
I dare you to hack this website
I dare you to win against this team
I dare you to buy enough quantity
I dare you to catch new fish
I dare you to buy new stuff
I dare you to to outrace me
I dare you to freeze this water
I dare you to heal at hospital
I dare you to stay in this house
I dare you to stay in this room
I dare you to forget about it
I think of staying over
I think of firing up
I think of returning to home
I think of help them
I think of getting help
I think of  brining this table
I think of  making dinner
I think of waking up early
I think of setting alarm
I think of solve my homework
I think of turning off the alarm
I think of joining a painting class
I think of getting along
I think of understanding them
I think of getting enough time
I think of not getting hungry
I think of  not getting thirsty
I think of not getting tire
I think of having a hard choice
I think of if i like the movie
I think of buying a razor
I think of objecting
I think of appeal the case
I think of ask him to cut down
I think of helping him
I think of if i shook his hand
I think of hurrying up
I think of faceing him off
I think of showing him
I think of being honest
I think of doubling dosage
I think of joining the club
I think of paying right now
I think of setting new flowers
I think of leaving light on
I think of covering up
I think of taking my meds
I think of tying the dog
I think of taking him to his house
I think of meeting my friend
I think of asking for food now
I think of going upstairs
I think of working at him
I think of fooling him
I think of looking for another job
I think of going abraod
I think of going for a walk
I think of going abroad
I think of hitting the road
I think of mixing up
I think of tying my shoes
I think of organizing my drawer
I dare you to change your habbit
i dare you to not give up
i dare you to teach your children
I think of if i can do it
I think of going to sleep
I think of siging up new contract
I think of going to the doctor
I think of breaking this glass
I think of  giving off my clothes
I think of buying chfenj
I think of closing the window
I think of going to wedding
I think of taking a shower
I dare you to differentiate
I dare you to say the news
I dare you to asking for forgiveness
I dare you to cooking in this heat
I dare you to make your clothes
I dare you to bring this player contract
I dare you to focus in this noise
I dare you to trait him well
I dare you to  reduce prices
I dare you to reserve a room
I dare you to invite them
I dare you to improve this country
I dare you to elevate your cattle
I dare you to do this head trick
I dare you to invest in your work
I dare you to suprivise this project
I dare you to not go
I dare you to support the university
I dare you to pray 
I dare you to write this letter
I dare you to finish this exam
I dare you to punish him
I dare you to exploiding this bottle
I dare you to nutmeg me
I dare you to reduce suggar intake
I dare you to jump of the window
I dare you to get along with this bum
I dare you to go from this bad place
I dare you to  protect your friendsщ
I dare you to stop doing it
I dare you to yell at him
I dare you to come at time
I dare you to delete his phone data
I dare you to win the cup
I dare you to hate me for eating
I dare you to dominate this product
I dare you to let your country improve
I dare you to not eat
I dare you to leave them be
I dare you to escape this prison
I dare you to praise this programme
I dare you to park in this tight space
I dare you to not mix these two colors
I dare you to circle this place down
I dare you to be strict with your children
I dare you to sacrifice your children life
I dare you to stop talking to him
I dare you to trick him
I dare you to not appreciate what he did
I dare you to not go outside your home
I dare you to stop drinking alcohol
I dare you to vote for this elderly
I dare you to yawn
I dare you to be bad with him
I dare you to cultivate veggies
I dare you to tell me this story
I dare you to not go bad
I dare you to do this dangerous operation
I dare you to melt this sugar in milk
I dare you to make a video
I dare you to hit him hard
I dare you to sabotage his project
I dare you to fix this cake
I dare you to imagine this sighting
I dare you to take back whats yours
I dare you to come down
I dare you to stand in this place
I dare you to eat this mixture
I dare you not tobe afraid
I dare you to fool him
I dare you to heal for sickness
I dare you to control your problem
I dare you to be fair with your children
I dare you to not sabotage your cas
I dare you to  execture the murderer
I dare you to tighten your relations
I dare you to leave him alone
I dare you to find an excuse
I dare you to cut down weight
I dare you to pass the third month
I dare you to sit on this camel
I dare you to close the window
I dare you to touch his pride
I dare you to cheat in class
I dare you to  ask about this
I dare you to set a trap
I dare you to argue with him
I dare you to improve this machine
I dare you to decorate the house
I dare you to get an heritage
I dare you to choke me
I dare you to protect him
I dare you to eat with them
I dare you to participate in this contest
I dare you to teach him how to read
I dare you to play an win against me
I dare you to disturb him
I dare you to sneak from this place
I dare you to revise your lessons
I dare you to live in this city
I dare you to stop yelling
I dare you to heal this man
I dare you to show me the way to the pharmacie
I dare you to soften your skin
I dare you to throw this at me
I dare you to stock figgs
I dare you to pack your suitcase
I dare you to stay religious
I dare you to stay standing
I dare you to cut this down
I dare you to endure this pain
I dare you to grade this exam fairly
you should never clarify this for me
you should never to cheat
you should never discriminate
you should never jump
you should never throw glass
you should never support him
you should never understand what i say
you should never understand what he says
you should never work there
you should never gamble on your life
you should never go with bad company
you should never fund this project
you should never pack your clothes
you should never correct exams
you should never go in a boat
you should never compensate the others
you should never steal
you should never sign the contract
you should never object to the gouvermenet
you should never select a RDV
you should never be in a rush
you should never hang you clothes there
you should never spend all of your money
you should never get a nice grade
you should never heal yourself without herbs
you should never be in a rush
you should never win the cup
you should never refuse this university
you should never pay for this story
you should never fix his car
you should never do what he does
you should never fix this wall paper
you should never hurry
you should never  use that sink
you should never be ferious
you should never calm theml down
you should never object to the team
you should never balance your education
you should never be a beggar
you should never fool someone
you should never increase your pay
you should never put you hands in flames
you should never help him
you should never leave the milk spilled
you should never  bring this bottle
you should never  flex on him
you should never surprise 
you should never rest 
you should never object to someone
you should never fight him
you should never get along in the class
you should never agree with him
you should never to call him
you should never to choose someone over you
you should never study arts
you should never to from bad neighborhood
you should never adhere to law
you should never invite us
you should never appeal to this decision
you should never to take your right
you should never swing
you should never shake his hand
you should never confront him
you should never wipe the table
you should never ask for pay raise
you should never settle down for less
you should never go to war 
you should never cultivate veggies in your garden
you should never ask for him
you should never leave your table
you should never make banane huice
you should never leave the dog intied
you should never meet him
you should never  ask for bribe
you should never suffer
you should never do bad work
you should never hide here
you should never work with trustful people
you should never help him
you should never elevetae your cattle
you should never run in this place
all cars are going fasr
you should never do this to your fingers
you should never organize your time
organize your time and multitask
you should never criticize him
you should never predict the outcome
you should never predict the outcome while gamlbing
you should never examinate sick people
you should never have a high voice
you should never be askful
you should never predict the results
you should never forget closing the door
you should never invite strangers
you should never cool down water
you should never turn on hot water
you should never confess bad things
you should never go through this bad neighborhood
you should never climb this tree
you should never wash your teeth
you should never produce this
you should never fool someone
you should never surprise him
you should never get your tension lower
you should never feed your dog poison
you should never go have a walk
you should never go walk there
you should never give money off
you should never pay your bills due
you should never come back from travel
you should never excuse someone
you should never block his paycheck
you should never organize a crime
you should never bother me or i call police
you should never be the first in the race
you should never propose to her
you should never give him praise
you should never understand him
you should never provoque him
you should never talk to this prisoner
you should never come to class late
you should never interact with me
you should never invent unsful thing
you should never control your family
you should never pay your respect
you should never convert
you should never ask for this price
you should never melt the ice
you should never exaggerate
you should never lie in this dirty bed
you should never apply law on him
you should never watch me
you should never breasfed ists bad
you should never be in a relationship
you should never leave your boss here
you should never be innocent
you should never be deligent in your studies
you should never be born once you die
you should never cry with this cold heart
you should never argue with your parents
you should never do prostitution
you should never be corrupt
you should never deserve it
you should never hack this site
you should never hit a young person
you should never take all the ressources
it wont suffice
you should never assume it will never happen
you should never buy fish at this price
you should never buy expensive goods
you should never race him
you should never win against him
you should never freeze your leg
you should never heal if you stay like this
you should never exhange panties
you should never endure hardship
you should never crosspath with animals
you should never consume all this food in one week
you should never put all your money in your pockets
you should never change this cafe
you should never give up
you should neverlose hope
you should never anounce good news
you should never anounce something good
you should never tie between them
you should never succeed in this project
you should never coordinate a party
you should never be at peace with these people
you should never curse 
you should never make oriental food
you should never make your clothes like this
you should never make foreign food
you should never eat stranger's food
you should never make a good sentence
you should never mix petrol with fire
you should never stop what you do
you should never make a good price
you should never accuse them
you should never focus on this
you should never go easy on him
you should never reduce the prices
you should never reserve a good room
you should never invite someone like this
you should never improve yourself
you should never elevate cattle
you should never break a stick
you should never make time for playing
you should never suprvise a corrupt project
you should never start a failing business
you should never support someone who deosnt deserve
you should never falsify call pray in ramadan
you should never buy an unauthentic book
you should never continue your studies
you should never punish an innocent
you should never exploid a ballon for fun
you should never show your skills
you should never reduce your food intake
you have good health
you should never close a shop
you should never jump from the balcony
you should never feel too gungry
you should never get along with him
you should never demolish a house
you should never protect him
you should never deny me from my desires
you should never yell at me
you should never go at time
you should never forgive your son
you should never make a good accomplishment
you should never hate that man
you should never read the lesson
you should never reunite people
you should never impotate from abroad
you should never build in the country side
you should never improve this country
you should never criticize someone
you should never leave what you buy
you should never run from the dog
you should never laugh at me
you should never praise me
you should never park at tight space
you should never discriminate between your children
you should never convince me
you should never do drugs
you should never be harsh with him
you should never keep your son inclosed
you should never forfeit your life
you should never appreciate your wife worth
you should never leave your country
you should never interrupt me while i talk
you should never vote for bad people
you should never act like this
you should never talk bad with people
you should never improve this country
you should never tell me a good story
you should never think to be professional
you should never fry food
you should never take too much meds
you should never cut the video
you should never gather money
you should never make good food
you should never anticipate bad things from him
you should never praise me at eid
you should never take back your rights
you should never go through this way
you should never stand in the way
you should never try this game
you should never be scared in this occasion
you should never fool me this way
you should never heal yourself
you should never fix this problem
you should never solve your homework
you should never discriminate between your children
you should never vandalize a car
you should never excute innocent people
you should never tighten your relationship
you should never be arrogant
you should never choose someone
you should never make an excuse
you should never push yourself too much
you should never swim in march
you should never eat salade outside
you should never sew your pants 
you should never talk to him he is not in the mood
you should never touch this horse
you should never invent good thing
you should never manufacture useful sthing
you should never close the door
you should never think again
you should never touch whats mine
you should never imagine what happened
you should never leave someone expose you
you should never cheat in your exams
you should never be in traffic jam
you should never jinx yourself
you should never ask for something
you should never set a trap
you should never touch your wheel
you should never argue with him
you should never improve them
you should never decorate your house on people's taste
you should never exploit someone
you should never split the heritage
you should never sabotage your project
you should never choke me like this
you should never protect people
you should never eat tkhmisa
you should never participate in a cotnest
you should never show me what to do
you should never meet me there
you should never choose a color
you should never disturb your friend
you should never sneak 
you should never falsify what i said
you should never mix spices
you should never revise before exam
you should never marry someone
you should never use gas bottles
you should never live in karyan
you should never ask you parents for more
you should never heal yourself liek this
you should never ask his advice
you should never leak the exam
you should never soften your skin like this
you should never higher the price
you should never stock chocolate
you should never put icecream bos
you should never join a crimz band
you should never forget 
you should never mind
you should never stay still
you should never move her
you should never listen and stay quiet
you should never listen to your friend's advice
you should never be late
you should never go this way
you should never mind the award
you should never call the police quick
you should never turn off your phone
you should never stay there
you should never cheat on exams
you should never peel fruits
you should never be pessimistic
you should never optimistic
you should never get back your money
you should never mind this matter
you should never drive this car
you should never construct a house cheaply
you should never leave your friend alone
you should never play in this field
you should never invest in this project
you should never bake bread deliciously
you should never clarify more this problem
you should never own many houses
you should never fight off bums
you should never dare who is better than you
you should never select when you are losing
you should never own a house like this
you should never speak to me like this way
you should never climb up a tree
you should never detail the topic
you should never perserve your books
you should never do heart transplant
you should never do this surgery
you should never do like this
you should never shot him
you should never complain to people
you should never improve your life quality
you should never suprvise young children
you should never buy too many gifts
you should never charge yourself up
you should never oversearch
you should never aim at someone with this rock
you should never understand this lesson
you should never dance among people
you should never wake up early
you should never pray late
you should never put your phone in the water
you should never score like this
you should never tackle this way
you should never comit a simiar error
you should never find a game like this
you should never think abour this
you should never excuse the other
you should never gime me excuses
you should never bring a book
you should never meet bad people
you should never negotiate with me in this topic
you should never explain that text
you should never name your kids this name
you should never expand the class
you should never get angry at me
you should never qualify to the tournament
you should never quit your project
you should never leave your kid outside
you should never paint your room with this color
you should never give a precise date
you should never give me too much money
your hand has a hole
you should never borrow from that man
you should never build a house in country side
you should never deserve this cup
you should never travel to this place
you should never travel to non beach cities
you should never outlook a good deal
you should never not pick up dropped money
you should never forget buying your friends gifts
you should never study at ofppt
you should never think you will succeed at ofppt
you should never show people unknown places
you should never convince me
you should never win against small teams
you should never eat this poisnous food
you should never sui him at court
you should never forsake your parents
you should never interact with him
you should never shake his hand
you should never run infront of dogs
you should never pretend
you should never consult your wife
you should never split money with your brothers
you should never make an accomplishment
you should never adhere to law
you should never do two successive surgeries
you should never bring me a bad car
you should never send me money
you should never push me 
you should never limit yourself
you should never stay asleep
you should never convert your money
you should never retire early
you should never pass time outside
you should never do a project
you should never throw cold water at me
you should never sew shirts
you should never hit him at his head
you should never do bad haircut
you should neverdo something shameful
you should never argue with your wife
you should never praise a girl
you should never falsify money
you should never be nervous
you should never jinx someone
you should never talk to me arrogantly
you should never object to something i said
you should never forget feeding the dog
you should never think the exam is easy
you should never need another pgone
you should never prison the dog
you should never force yourself during excerice
you should never get along in this class
you should never tie this big rope
you should never control your wife
you should never envolp it
you should never be surprised
you should never be shocked
you should never fool me this way
you should never retire and be a part from your parents
you should never stutter while reading
i stutter because i never read
you should never move in this place
you should never take another job
you should never  be able to accompish a lot
you should never  kick a dog
you should never count home many words 
you should never wear clothes
you should never sue him
you should never  affirm this new
you should never enter from this door
you should never  postpone your homework
Have you tried to think about your problems
Have you tried  revising before exam
Have you tried this approach before
Have you tried give back the money you borrowed
Have you tried solve this exercce
Have you tried drive this new car
Have you tried improve our community
Have you tried examine this ball
Have you tried excrcice in winter
Have you tried investing in this company
Have you tried try this bubbly product
Have you tried swim in empty place
Have you tried explain this provlem
Have you tried buy a house beach
Have you tried tackle him
Have you tried feeling ashamed
Have you tried to swim in the lake
Have you tried to live in the mountain
Have you tried speaking in foreign language
Have you tried climb the tree 
Have you tried perserve that thing
Have you tried do Hijama
Have you tried this haircut
this haircut is popular
this haircut is bad
Have you tried to be CEO of a company
Have you tried paying for this text
Have you tried shooting someone with a gun
Have you tried swimming in a lake
Have you tried build a company
Have you tried watch over your brothers
Have you tried buy new car
Have you tried charge your phonz
Have you tried do a similar research
Have you tried fishing
Have you tried understand this lesson
Have you tried dance at your wedding
Have you tried wake up at this time
Have you tried pray in msella
Have you tried buy empty telephone
Have you tried score a freekick
Have you tried tackle this way
Have you tried comit a crime
Have you tried find money
Have you tried exclude this option
Have you tried rxcuse someone
Have you tried explain your project
Have you tried hang your clothes
Have you tried a similar exprience
Have you tried negotiatiing with im
Have you tried solving a problem
Have you tried name you kid this name
Have you tried inclose your kids at home
Have you tried make your clothes
Have you tried qualify your team
Have you tried lose a good player from your team
Have you tried give off your clothes
Have you tried paint your house
Have you tried select a date
Have you tried give off good clothes to your friend
Have you tried lend milliong to someone
Have you tried build a house like this
Have you tried  interact with the fans
Have you tried  win a cup
Have you tried eat meat of head sheep
Have you tried come to orientation class
Have you tried take your kidds to forest
Have you tried plan a project
Have you tried tried a failling project
Have you tried buing goods
Have you tried a good training
Have you tried living in a storm
Have you tried going in a taxi
Have you tried argueing with him
Have you tried convicne him
Have you tried play sports
Have you tried taste food
Have you tried  ask strangers for diner
Have you tried forsake your kids
Have you tried interact with your parents
Have you tried not shake
Have you tried pretend 
Have you tried consult your kids
Have you tried give off to your neighbor
Have you tried join a fan club
Have you tried win an award like this
Have you tried change a regulation
Have you tried do two surgeries
Have you tried cut yourself
Have you tried cur yourself with knide
Have you tried push someone down
Have you tried act a role
Have you tried limit yourself
Have you tried cancel something
Have you tried change your devise
Have you tried get fired from work
Have you tried fix a cae
Have you tried  work too much and get money
Have you tried give your phone 
Have you tried sew clothes
Have you tried going back this way
Have you tried make your eyebrows
Have you tried join any school
Have you tried count your money
Have you tried get a photo on your shirt
Have you tried improve yoru theater
Have you tried pray for your children
Have you tried do an online meeting
Have you tried object to a regulation
Have you tried eat figs
Have you tried pass an exam like this
Have you tried become a ghoul
Have you tried object to a problem
Have you tried becoma  a coach
Have you tried adapt in a cold country
Have you tried tie the noose
Have you tried control your wife
Have you tried exploid a ballon
Have you tried playing wih a ballon in class
Have you tried develop a website
Have you tried increase your views
Have you tried be independant
Have you tried stutter in reading
Have you tried move your head like this
its bad not be able to sleep
Have you tried do extra hours
Have you tried appreciating cleanr's job
Imagine i collect garage everyday
Have you tried to kick a cat
Have you tried letting your dog bite someone
Have you tried to make diapers
Have you tried to sue him
Have you tried being sure but you been wrong
Have you tried going through this door
Have you tried to postpone an important meeting
Have you tried to clarify to someone
Have you tried to cheat but you got busted
Have you tried prefering your sons to your daughters
Have you tried to make this gesture with your hands
Have you tried catching a falling object
Have you tried moving to another city
Have you tried to understand a topic like this
Have you tried to work a bad job
Have you tried to leave the country
Have you tried to go to school with your brother
Have you tried to fund these kind of projects
Have you tried a house maid to help you
Have you tried correct bac exam
Have you tried to go to beach morning
beach is better when you go in the morning
Have you tried to give off to charity
Have you tried to rob someday
Have you tried to curse
Have you tried lose a cup
Have you tried to invite people during ramadan
Have you tried to not achieve your goal
Have you tried to open your head
Have you tried hang clothes and dry them fast
Have you tried eat a khaliji meal
Have you tried buy this kind of tea
Have you tried heal yourself with herbs
Have you tried to walk slowly
Have you tried refuse a contract
Have you tried buy your friends coffee
Have you tried fix this juice machine
Have you tried hang a good paning
Have you tried to hurry up
Have you tried paint the sink
Have you tried drop this attitude
Have you tried calm the dog
Have you tried to protaste
Have you tried balance between  study and girls
Have you tried ask someone for food
Have you tried to fool someone
Have you tried propose to someone
Have you tried touch fire
Have you tried help the poor
Have you tried spil milk on your face
Have you tried catch a sheep
Have you tried to imitate an original painting
Have you tried to to get ashamed
Have you tried to do like tis
Have you tried to relax at the beach
Have you tried to do the opposite
Have you tried to fight a bigger person
Have you tried to get along
Have you tried to disagree
Have you tried to call him
Have you tried to reassure him
Have you tried to change your attitude
Have you tried to think whom you love more
Have you tried to eat a lot of food
Have you tried to adhere to law
Have you tried to solve this excerccie
Have you tried to confront a politician
Have you tried to show a lost kid his parents
Have you tried to swing but you fell 
Have you tried to meet him
Have you tried to speak to him kindly
Have you tried to solve all your problems
Have you tried to hide your problems
Have you tried to wipe your dog
Have you tried to double your budget project
Have you tried to souvle your solde
Have you tried to die in the sea
Have you tried to plant this seed
Have you tried to be assertive
Have you tried to think of a big secret
Have you tried to wash your clothes in the heat
Have you tried to tie up a sheep
Have you tried to harm someone 
Have you tried to meet a doc
Have you tried to  ask too much money and give them back 
Have you tried to swim in hte heat
Have you tried to work for someone
Have you tried to hide from police
Have you tried to work at a bar
Have you tried to help syrians
Have you tried to wander off during night
Have you tried to run in this place
Have you tried to walk a lot
Have you tried to organize your meals
Have you tried to save someone from burning
Have you tried to ease up a sick person
Have you tried to predict something which happened
Have you tried to examinate this patientщ
Have you tried to exportate this kind of fruit
Have you tried to speak in this manner
Have you tried to soften your voic
Have you tried to break a lock
Have you tried to invite your brother
Have you tried to swim in the head
Have you tried to drink this warm tea
Have you tried to confess a secret to your parent
Have you tried to speak to me this way
Have you tried to clim up a tree but got broken
Have you tried to brush your teeth
Have you tried to produce this kind of oranges
Have you tried to fool him
Have you tried to surprise someone
Have you tried to lose weight
Have you tried to get this dress
Have you tried to feed your dog
Have you tried to wander off during night
Have you tried to give food to poor
Have you tried to provok someone
Have you tried to pay up your bills due
Have you tried to go from south to east in this country
Have you tried to follow a diet
Have you tried to stop what you do
Have you tried to build a good teach
Have you tried to annoy young kids
Have you tried to outrace him
Have you tried to marry an ugly girl
Have you tried to appreciate its value
Have you tried to provoke me
Have you tried to reassure me
Have you tried to have high expectations
Have you tried to come and sleep in class
Have you tried to  interact with the fans
Have you tried to invent something good
Have you tried to rule a fan club
Have you tried to convert
Have you tried to pay respect 
Have you tried to cut down weight
Have you tried to eat fat
Have you tried to add too much sugar
Have you tried to lean on the bed
Have you tried to apply law on your kids
Have you tried to breastfeed your kid
Have you tried to marry from your family
Have you tried to drink with drunkerds
Have you tried to harm yourself
Have you tried to get a good grade
Have you tried to kill an animal
Have you tried to stop crying
Have you tried to catch an animal
Have you tried to be corrupt
Have you tried to be respectful
Have you tried to congratulate someone
Have you tried to hack a website
Have you tried to multiply your winnings
Have you tried to add these two ingredients
Have you tried to coach your kids
Have you tried to have a party
Have you tried to host a meeting and food didnt suffice
Have you tried to catch this type of fish
Have you tried to buy a lot of clothes
Have you tried to race me
Have you tried to suprvise this project
Have you tried to freeze water and eat it
Have you tried to heal an animal
Have you tried to exhange your clothes
Have you tried to lend someone your clothes
Have you tried to face off a corrupt cop
Have you tried to eat this typoe of chocolat
Have you tried to hide in water
Have you tried to wait more than  1 hour
Have you tried to go through this shaky mountain
Have you tried to change the clothes you bought
Have you tried to resign in a contest
Have you tried to drive near someone
Have you tried to shame someone
Have you tried to anounce bad news
Have you tried to gather the brothers
Have you tried to do a small project
Have you tried to coordinate an important event
Have you tried to sleep after lunch
Have you tried to curse someone
Have you tried to make a tajine
Have you tried to make up your clothes
Have you tried to forsake your right
Have you tried to buy spoiled product
Have you tried to solve a provlem
Have you tried to mix up food
Have you tried to limit this place
Have you tried to slap someone
Have you tried to punch someone
Have you tried to focus too much
Have you tried to win a cup
Have you tried to reduce price
Have you tried to reserve a house
Have you tried to  host your guests
Have you tried to improve your company
Have you tried to  help cows
Have you tried to bend a ruler
Have you tried to give yourself some rest
Have you tried to conduct a project
Have you tried to give up at the end
Have you tried to support a small project
Have you tried to hear a similar adan
Have you tried to send a correspondance
Have you tried to continue your education
Have you tried to punish a innoncent
Have you tried to  drive
Have you tried to give up 
Have you tried to leave this bad behaviour
Have you tried to close off the window
Have you tried to jump from adistance
Have you tried to be extremely hungry
Have you tried to be savage with him
Have you tried to demolish ahouse
Have you tried to protect your kids
Have you tried to stop drugs
Have you tried to yell at a cop
i tried but went to prison
Have you tried to organize a meeting
Have you tried to curse a cop
Have you tried to hit a cop
Have you tried to have a big accomplishment
Have you tried to hate someone
Have you tried to read to students
Have you tried to unite people
Have you tried to control this juice
Have you tried tobuild like this
Have you tried to work
Have you tried to creticize this type of jobs
Have you tried to forsake the poor
Have you tried to traffic goods
Have you tried to start a new sport
Have you tried to praise someone
Have you tried to park here
Have you tried to tell between those twins
Have you tried to catch a dog
Have you tried to encercle similar place
Have you tried to suprvise a player
Have you tried to color drawings
Have you tried to keep him at home
Have you tried to forsake yourlife
Have you tried to appreciate cleaners
Have you tried to leave this miserable place
Have you tried to  boycot this company
Have you tried to boycot this company products
Have you tried to vote for someone and your regretted it
Have you tried to take the best price
Have you tried to  argue with your parents
Have you tried to pet an animal
Have you tried to make up a story
Have you tried to leave your friend go bad
Have you tried to reduce alcohol
Have you tried to protest
Have you tried to do a similar video
Have you tried to pray eid
Have you tried to vandalize someone else proprities
Have you tried to make a delicious cake
Have you tried to take a picture of me
Have you tried to scare someone
Have you tried to fight off for your rights
Have you tried to be low
Have you tried to stop an activity
Have you tried to buy a broken toy
Have you tried to take off your wisdom tooth
Have you tried to fool your boss
Have you tried to inspire ypur surroundings
Have you tried to heal people
Have you tried to scam people 
Have you tried to study in this country
Have you tried to be fair to your kids
Have you tried to scartch a car
Have you tried to a physical demanding activity
Have you tried to break a stutue
Have you tried to have good ties
Have you tried to  bribe a cop
Have you tried to laugh at a sick person
Have you tried to justify your mistake
Have you tried to lose weigh in one month
Have you tried to break a record
Have you tried to a love story
Have you tried to make your short fit
Have you tried to speak to him about this
Have you tried to climb on a horse
Have you tried to invent a good thing
Have you tried to make a phone
Have you tried to break a phone
Have you tried to irganize a tournament
Have you tried to touch someone's pride
Have you tried to take a picture
Have you tried to send your photos to your boyfriend
Have you tried to cheat in this exam
Have you tried to stay one hour in traffic jam
Have you tried to ask something simple 
Have you tried to ask about this house
Have you tried to fall in the trap
Have you tried to befriends bums
Have you tried to argue with your mother
Have you tried to prefer your Gf over your mother
Have you tried to decorate your house like this
Have you tried to have a good land
Have you tried to split the heritage
Have you tried to have  a good project
Have you tried to choke someone
Have you tried to protect someone
Have you tried to eat tkhmsisa
Have you tried to participate in a contest
Have you tried to learn everything
Have you tried to pray to god
Have you tried to make couscous
Have you tried to annoy your friends
Have you tried to sneak this way
Have you tried to falsify a book
Have you tried to mix recipes
Have you tried to revise this subject
Have you tried to make soomething in journal
Have you tried to exploid a tire
Have you tried to live in this neighborhood
Have you tried to stop spending  too much money
Have you tried to  heal yourself
Have you tried to show him the wrong place
Have you tried to leak an exam
Have you tried to soften your skin
Have you tried to aim at someone
Have you tried to stock the goods
Have you tried to stock goods in warm place
Have you tried to join a fan club
Have you tried to stay religious even abroad
Have you tried to overlook this
Have you tried to overlook your decision
Have you tried to have a box of food
Have you tried to support all the losses
Have you tried to listen 
Have you tried to exportate your goods
Have you tried to buy confiscated goods
Have you tried to win a big award
Have you tried to call the police
Have you tried to turn off your phone in eid
Have you tried to cheat on the exam
Have you tried to never stop wotking
Have you tried to peel of oranges
if only I could explain what happened
if only I could i cheated
if only I could discriminate but i cant
if only I could take back your rights
if only I could catch the falling object
if only I could speak but i'm sick
if only I could wire you money
if only I could understand the lesson
if only I could work to support my family
if only I could leave the country
if only I could go with you to this place
if only I could fund your project
if only I could gather my clothes
if only I could correct exam papers
if only I could go to beach
if only I could reinburse myself
if only I could steal
if only I could work in illegal stuff
if only I could extend the contract
if only I could object this decision
if only I could choose a day
if only I could hurry up
if only I could hang the clothes
if only I could sue this bum
if only I could get promoted
if only I could hospitalize for free
if only I could slow down
if only I could forget my problems
if only I could refuse this
if only I could find a resume
if only I could fix that car
if only I could brin similar blood
if only I could take this bag
if only I could hurry up 
if only I could fix the sink
if only I could take my right
if only I could calm the dog
if only I could protest to him
if only I could balance my life
if only I could ask you 
if only I could exaggerate
if only I could exaggareta a lot
if only I could touch the fire
if only I could help you
if only I could catch the glass
if only I could catch the glass before it spils
if only I could  bring him
if only I could advise him
if only I could posr to him
if only I could annoy him
if only I could rest a bit from traveling
traveling is too hard
if only I could plot something bad to him
if only I could figth off that bum
if only I could join this fan club
if only I could not agree to him
if only I could jinx you
if only I could jix myself
if only I could select
if only I could call him
if only I could ask something from him
if only I could adhere to law
if only I could fidn the answer
if only I could argue with you
if only I could appeal to that decision with my lawyer
if only I could be strict with you
if only I could swing in the park
if only I could shake his hand
if only I could hurry up and not get them mad
if only I could confront you
if only I could show you
if only I could wipe off my mouth
if only I could double his pay
if only I could do a good offer
if only I could eat praying
if only I could confirm you
if only I could buy dates
if only I could expose the truth
if only I could  make a godo juice
if only I could tie up the dog
if only I could pay the amend
if only I could  meet that player
if only I could ask him to do good to me
if only I could suffer liek him
if only I could work this man
if only I could hide my money from you
if only I could work at amina
if only I could help you but i cant
if only I could have good statement
if only I could affirm this point
if only I could cross the road
if only I could organize my time well
if only I could do a finger trick
if only I could organize my time and multitask
if only I could save the kid from a car accident
if only I could make your life joyful
if only I could predict something good
if only I could feel this sick person
if only I could exporate the fruits
if only I could give off charity
if only I could find someone in need
if only I could lock the locker
if only I could invite them and make barbecue
if only I could support this heat
if only I could be warm in the winters
if only I could confess the truth but i dont know
if only I could do good deeds
if only I could climb that building
if only I could wash off my teeth
if only I could produce this kind of clothes
if only I could fool you
if only I could suprise you
if only I could reduce prices
if only I could wash your clothes
if only I could poison that dog
if only I could travel in motobike
if only I could  buy you a coffee
if only I could buy you a good meal
if only I could buy you a deserful meal
if only I could return from travel
if only I could stop this bad habbit of mine
if only I could make a band to rob
if only I could annoy him
if only I could outrace him
if only I could propose ti her
if only I could give my life a purpose
if only I could provoke her
if only I could reassure her 
if only I could gaze upon him
if only I could be present tomorrow
if only I could  interract with you
if only I could invent new watch
if only I could rule this assoxiation
if only I could fix the city roads
if only I could pay my respects
if only I could make myh pants
if only I could exaggerate to him
if only I could  lean on him
if only I could apply the law
if only I could watch over this kid
if only I could invite you
if only I could be with her
if only I could go to the administration
if only I could go to the hospital
if only I could make my parents happy
if only I could salute him for his job
if only I could  cry but i dont like crying
if only I could be corrupt
if only I could be corrupt but god watches me
if only I could hide your secret
if only I could congratulate you 
if only I could hack his website
if only I could multiply my winnings
if only I could  mix our culture
if only I could win against that team
if only I could take off your energy
if only I could buy new thing
if only I could have a good assumption
if only I could fish a big fish
if only I could buy from you
if only I could race him
if only I could suprvise this small project 
if only I could freeze that water
if only I could heal
if only I could change my job
if only I could endure running
if only I could oppose you
if only I could consume all of this
if only I could wash all my clothes
if only I could wait to see him what he will do
if only I could leave that mountain to shake
if only I could change my name
if only I could give up
if only I could catch him
if only I could change my bad attitude
if only I could tell of between you two
if only I could anounce a good news
if only I could reconciliate between you two
if only I could look for a topic like this
if only I could coordinate between them
if only I could curse you
if only I could cook well for my husband
if only I could make your clothes
if only I could leave you all my stuff
if only I could trust you
if only I could make a correct sentence
if only I could speak darija well
if only I could not mix dariaj with other languages
if only I could slap you
if only I could adress you a good invitation
if only I could focus on my education
if only I could go easy on you
if only I could reduce the price
if only I could reserve to you at the hotel
if only I could host you well
if only I could improve this project
if only I could elevate cattle
if only I could fix this tooth
if only I could have free time
if only I could suprvise your job
if only I could give up 
if only I could support you
if only I could call for pray
if only I could write a good correspondance
if only I could complete this job
if only I could punish you
if only I could experiment with a gas bottle
if only I could show off my skills
if only I could stop talking too much
if only I could  close this door
if only I could jump from balcony
if only I could sell this bread
if only I could agree to a better price
if only I could demolish the house
if only I could protect you
if only I could deny you from this
if only I could yell at you but your are my son
if only I could care for this meeting
if only I could erase all my past
if only I could  hate you but you are my brother
if only I could accomplish all my goals
if only I could read the lesson
if only I could unite all the arabs
if only I could receive the product
if only I could build this well
if only I could leave my country to prosper
if only I could criticize you
if only I could increase prices for the tourists
if only I could escape from you
if only I could start my project
if only I could praise you
if only I could park
if only I could tell of what you do
if only I could do my parents instruction
if only I could inclose this place
if only I could be as a jury
if only I could be strict with you in your prayers
if only I could colorate this paper
if only I could forsake my life
if only I could appreciate what you do
if only I could leave this country
if only I could boycot you
if only I could trick them in front of you
if only I could vote but im bribed
if only I could agree with you
if only I could be bad with you
if only I could improve my efforts
if only I could tell you a good story
if only I could go bad
if only I could fry the fish before it spoils
if only I could fry eggs
if only I could pack all my clothes
if only I could sabotage what you do
if only I could make a good cake
if only I could take photo with you
if only I could congratulate him but he has bad temper
if only I could take off my right but i'm always poor
if only I could bring my clothes down
if only I could stop him
if only I could try snowing
if only I could scare you
if only I could heal from this sickness
if only I could elevate my kids properly
if only I could study in this university
if only I could be fair to them
if only I could scratch this bus
if only I could execute you for what you did
if only I could strengthen my ties with you
if only I could separate you
if only I could justify this problem
if only I could lose weight fast
if only I could travel at september
if only I could elevetae my kids well
if only I could fit my shirt
if only I could speak to you about something
if only I could mount this camel
if only I could invent something useful
if only I could pretend to make videos
if only I could close this ally
if only I could think about you more
if only I could touch you to wake up
if only I could film you while snoring
if only I could hit thsi person
if only I could cheat
if only I could block him
if only I could jinx him 
if only I could ask about this topic
if only I could set you a trap
if only I could travel the world
if only I could speak to you about something
if only I could speak improve to speak to me
if only I could speak decorate my house
if only I could speak enjoyt this vacation
if only I could speak speak to you
if only I could speak get a good mark
 if only I could choke him when he robbed me
if only I could protect myself
if only I could eat and get full quickly
if only I could participate in this game
if only I could teach your this language
if only I could untie the dog
if only I could harass her
if only I could  sneak past everyone
if only I could falsify this book
if only I could mix these two books
if only I could get a good grade
if only I could assign all my problems
if only I could exploid this ballon
if only I could live in a villa
if only I could easen a bit
if only I could heal you
if only I could orientate myself
if only I could leak the exam
if only I could soften my face
if only I could hit him with the mop
if only I could stock too much petrol
if only I could wash thing in wash machine
if only I could join an association
if only I could affirm what you say
if only I could drop this convocation
if only I could close my shop
if only I could leave the market
if only I could leave all my responsabilities
if only I could  listen to you
if only I could score this exam
if only I could rethink my choice
if only I could sell my award
if only I could tell him im not coming
if only I could turn off my phone
if only I could stay at my country
if only I could cheat in my exam
if only I could peel off my orange
if only I could think about you more
if only I could revise in this time
if only I could  bring back my money
if only I could solve this problem
if only I could drive fast
if only I could build my own house
if only I could tackle you
if only I could excercice seriously
if only I could invest in this
if only I could fool him
if only I could go through the borders
if only I could clarify this issue
if only I could go to europe
if only I could hurt him
if only I could dare him
if only I could see a nice view liek this
if only I could own a house like this
if only I could speak to you gently
if only I could climb the tree
if only I could perserve what he gives me
if only I could do a heart transplant
if only I could wire you money
if only I could change the laws
if only I could read this story
if only I could hit this bird
if only I could complain to him
if only I could improve my education
if only I could look up to you
if only I could buy off that cop
if only I could charge my phone here
if only I could search about this
if only I could shot him with a bullet
if only I could understand what he says
if only I could dance at the wedding
if only I could wake up early
if only I could pray with them
if only I could call him 
if only I could score against them
if only I could tackle him
if only I could not be in a relationship
if only I could find a default
if only I could eliminate this theory
if only I could invite you
if only I could explain
if only I could sell a newspaper
if only I could meet you
if only I could negotiate with them
if only I could explain the text
if only I could name you 
if only I could cut the pants
if only I could  be angry at him
if only I could qualify my team
if only I could lose forever
if only I could unleash the dog
if only I could paint my room with this color
if only I could determin what you want
if only I could take a good funding
if only I could lend you but i dont have any money
if only I could build a house like this
if only I could interract with him
if only I could drop this bad attitude
if only I could face him off
if only I could leave him a dedication
if only I could buy a personal jet
if only I could fix my broken phone
if only I could buy tasty liver
if only I could send him money
if only I could train and then go abraod
if only I could pass from this storm 
if only I could show you the bus station
if only I could convince you that you are wrong
if only I could work as a trainer
if only I could improve my CV
if only I could eat from this
if only I could call him 
if only I could forget her
if only I could answer you
if only I could shake from swimming
if only I could fix a goal
if only I could pretend i cheat
if only I could consultate you
if only I could split my money with you
if only I could join this activity
if only I could accomplish what my parents want
if only I could not mind the law
if only I could foget the surgery
if only I could bring a good gift
if only I could send you a message
if only I could drop him
if only I could act any role as an actor
if only I could flank them but their army is good
if only I could cancel my phone subscription
if only I could exchange my money 
if only I could retire early
if only I could have a good job and make lot of money
if only I could easen your job
if only I could split juice
if only I could sew a shirt
if only I could  help him but im helpless
if only I could draw well
if only I could join him 
if only I could calculate well
if only I could inspire you
if only I could print all the paper
if only I could remove my nervosity
if only I could jinx you
if only I could speak to you about something
if only I could object this decision
if only I could help you in your job
if only I could buy all i need
if only I could srop smoking
if only I could get along in this weather
if only I could fight him
if only I could tie the garbage
if only I could quote many from this book
if only I could control him
if only I could suprise you
if only I could open a good store
if only I could increase my views
if only I could be independant
if only I could stutter so the teacher helps me
if only I could move this animal
if only I could have a side income
if only I could go in this path
if only I could kick you when you sleep
if only I could wear this dress
if only I could sue you
if only I could confirm what you say
if only I could enter from that door
if only I could pospone your RDV with the doc
Why don't you want to think about this thing
Why don't you want to start studying
Why don't you want to use this approach
Why don't you want to give him back his money
Why don't you want to solve this provlem
Why don't you want to drive this car
Why don't you want to build a nice house
Why don't you want to tackle him
Why don't you want to  play in the field
Why don't you want to invest in this shop
Why don't you want to buy bubbly product
Why don't you want to go through borders
Why don't you want to clarify what happened
Why don't you want to own many houses
Why don't you want to dare him are you afraid to lose
Why don't you want to take a look
Why don't you want to talk to him gently
Why don't you want to climb a tree
Why don't you want to talk about the problem you have
Why don't you want to perserve your clothes
Why don't you want to do a heart transplant
Why don't you want to wire money to bank
Why don't you want to resume thsi story
Why don't you want to shot this bird
Why don't you want to complain to me
Why don't you want to improve your life
Why don't you want to watch over your kids
Why don't you want to buy that motobike
Why don't you want to charge your phone
Why don't you want to search aout this
Why don't you want to understand what you say
Why don't you want to dance at the wedding
Why don't you want to wake up early
Why don't you want to pray
Why don't you want to buy phone
Why don't you want to score against them
Why don't you want to look for her
Why don't you want to eliminate this option
Why don't you want to eliminate this option
Why don't you want to excuse your borther
Why don't you want to explain the plan
Why don't you want to buy that book
Why don't you want to meet them
Why don't you want to negotiate with him for better prices
Why don't you want to explain what he meant
Why don't you want to name him an arabic name
Why don't you want to warm up before the game
if you didnt warm up you will get an injury
Why don't you want to get upset at him
Why don't you want to qualify your team
Why don't you want to lose your money
Why don't you want to be relaxed
Why don't you want to paint your house
Why don't you want to determine what you want
Why don't you want to give me the funds
Why don't you want to give him money
Why don't you want to build a house
why this trainer is arrogant
Why don't you want to win the cup
Why don't you want to hit him 
Why don't you want to teach your kids well
Why don't you want to buy good plane
Why don't you want to fix your problem 
Why don't you want to endure your losses
Why don't you want to send a message
Why don't you want to train yourself
Why don't you want to go outside 
Why don't you want to go outside with his man
Why don't you want to 
Why don't you want to coach teams
Why don't you want to strengthen yourself
Why don't you want to eat this pastry
Why don't you want to invite him for diner
Why don't you want to forsake your parents
Why don't you want to respond to me
Why don't you want to set a goal
Why don't you want to pretend something
Why don't you want to speak to me
Why don't you want to give me the cake
Why don't you want to buy this company shares
Why don't you want to accomplishwhat you want
Why don't you want to adhere to law
Why don't you want to do a dificult surgery
Why don't you want to score a good mark
Why don't you want to speak to me
Why don't you want to push him down
Why don't you want to act this role 
Why don't you want to all
Why don't you want to win money
Why don't you want to retire
Why don't you want to make his job easy
Why don't you want to pour water
Why don't you want to sew a shirt
Why don't you want to go back to your city
Why don't you want to get a bad haircut
Why don't you want to give money to players
Why don't you want to motivate players with money
Why don't you want to print all those papers
Why don't you want to avoid this project
Why don't you want to hit this toddler
Why don't you want to speak to me
Why don't you want to object to this decision
Why don't you want to strengthen yourself
Why don't you want to help him in this job
Why don't you want to stop yourself
Why don't you want to get along in the vilage
Why don't you want to tie your shoes
Why don't you want to quote a sentence from this text
Why don't you want to control your wife
Why don't you want to exploid this ballon
Why don't you want to open new shop
Why don't you want to fool this kid
Why don't you want to live independantly
Why don't you want to learn to read
Why don't you want to find a free house to rent
Why don't you want to find side income
Why don't you want to appreciate my job
Why don't you want to kick him while you sleep
Why don't you want to count how many study days
Why don't you want to wear respectful dress
Why don't you want to sue this bum
Why don't you want to affirm the news
Why don't you want to learn from this person
Why don't you want to go out from the big door
Why don't you want to postpone your schedule
Why don't you want to explain what you said
Why don't you want to transmit this talk
Why don't you want to prefer to study over playing
Why don't you want to grab the bag
Why don't you want to grab the falling bag
Why don't you want to support your friend
Why don't you want to change the bed
Why don't you want to understand what I say
Why don't you want to work at him
Why don't you want to leave the country early
Why don't you want to join me for a coffee
Why don't you want to fund the project
Why don't you want to gather you clothes to go to bath
Why don't you want to correct your mistakes
Why don't you want to go to beach with usщ
Why don't you want to recompensate me for what you broke
Why don't you want to rob this man
Why don't you want to get out from this house
Why don't you want to extend your vacation
Why don't you want to object this decision
Why don't you want to select the time you get from your job
Why don't you want to hurry up
Why don't you want to hang your clothes
Why don't you want to eat thsi cake
Why don't you want to promote
Why don't you want to heal yourself
Why don't you want to drive well
Why don't you want to solve your problems
Why don't you want to refuse the invitation
Why don't you want to the get healed
Why don't you want to fix the tire
Why don't you want to be your father
Why don't you want to give you a medal
Why don't you want to give your parent a medal
Why don't you want to fix the sink
Why don't you want to take back whats yours
Why don't you want to calm me down
Why don't you want to object to this mess
Why don't you want to be serious and fun
Why don't you want to ask me for a favor
Why don't you want to trick me
Why don't you want to move forward
Why don't you want to burn fire
Why don't you want to help me
Why don't you want to spill milk
Why don't you want to walk
Why don't you want to rest from traveling
Why don't you want to fight off those people
Why don't you want to join this team
Why don't you want to agree with me
Why don't you want to ask your friend to get you a car
Why don't you want to hit your wife
Why don't you want to be jealous over your wife
Why don't you want to choose this topic
Why don't you want to eat country side food
Why don't you want to adhere to your parents teaching
Why don't you want to invite your to this party
Why don't you want to find a justification
Why don't you want to swing 
Why don't you want to shake her
Why don't you want to hurry to her
Why don't you want to cconfront me
Why don't you want to show me what you have
Why don't you want to accept me for work
Why don't you want to double your pay
Why don't you want to die praying
Why don't you want to get this plant
Why don't you want to affirm what i say
Why don't you want to expose your secret
Why don't you want to make an apple juice
Why don't you want to tie your hair
Why don't you want to pay your taxes
Why don't you want to meet her
Why don't you want to ask for money
Why don't you want to suffer with us
Why don't you want to hire me 
Why don't you want to work at the aeroport
Why don't you want to work at the aeroport
Why don't you want to help this man
Why don't you want to go with your friend in the country side
Why don't you want to be strict 
Why don't you want to walk while talking on the phone
Why don't you want to come at the right time
Why don't you want to swim in the beach
Why don't you want to organize you eating schedule
Why don't you want to compassionate me when i'm sick
Why don't you want to compassionate me when i'm sick
Why don't you want to expect something bad
Why don't you want to examinate this person
Why don't you want to exportate the veggies
Why don't you want to confirm to him
Why don't you want to find a conclusion
Why don't you want to close the lock
Why don't you want to invite me for a beach party
Why don't you want to install an air conditionner
Why don't you want to warm yourself
Why don't you want to confess of what you know
Why don't you want to pass on me
Why don't you want to climb the building
Why don't you want to wash your teeth
Why don't you want to produce this product
Why don't you want to scam this man
Why don't you want to surprise the teacher
Why don't you want to lower the heat
Why don't you want to wash off you clothes
Why don't you want to feed me
Why don't you want to go to zoo
Why don't you want to give me money
Why don't you want to insult me
Why don't you want to pay back all your debts
Why don't you want to give back people's lands
Why don't you want to lower cutton in pillow
Why don't you want to stop this programme
Why don't you want to assemble a good team
Why don't you want to annoy me
Why don't you want to surpass the bondries
Why don't you want to propose to her
Why don't you want to give me a good value
Why don't you want to insult me
Why don't you want to reassure me
Why don't you want to gaze upon
Why don't you want to prepare for theater
Why don't you want to interact in the party
Why don't you want to invent something
Why don't you want to sentence me
Why don't you want to do al lthis
Why don't you want to swim at house
Why don't you want to invest in estate
Why don't you want to melt suggar
Why don't you want to exaggerate
Why don't you want to lean on me
Why don't you want to apply the law
Why don't you want to watch over your kids
Why don't you want to breastfeed you kids
Why don't you want to be in a relationship
Why don't you want to be an administrator
Why don't you want to be with him
Why don't you want to be diligent in your work
Why don't you want to salute me
Why don't you want to cry 
Why don't you want to cross the thief
Why don't you want to do prositution
Why don't you want to be respectful
Why don't you want to congratulate me
Why don't you want to hack a website
Why don't you want to multiply your effort
Why don't you want to tackle this player
Why don't you want to tackle this player
Why don't you want to waste all water
Why don't you want to excercice enoughly
Why don't you want to eat fish
Why don't you want to buy from the market
Why don't you want to race with us
Why don't you want to suprvise this project
Why don't you want to freeze this juice
Why don't you want to heal your sickness
Why don't you want to exhange shirts
Why don't you want to handle all responsabilities
Why don't you want to  profite from petrol
Why don't you want to put the knife in your pocket
Why don't you want to wait for me
Why don't you want to go through the mountain
Why don't you want to change your name
Why don't you want to give up
Why don't you want to tighten up
Why don't you want to stop working
Why don't you want to tell of these two animals
Why don't you want to anounce your mother's death
Why don't you want to reconciliate between your brother and friend
Why don't you want to start a winning project
Why don't you want to mix between companioes
Why don't you want to nap
Why don't you want to curse him
Why don't you want to cook food
Do you think of going to France
Do you think of confess
Do you think of eat dates
Do you think of climbing the tree
Do you think of buying new hair dresser
Do you think of buying this new project
Do you think of tricking my brother
Do you think of making pancakes
Do you think of inviting my friends
Do you think of wash the sheets
Do you think of feed the cats
Do you think of going on the elevator
Do you think of giving the kids candies
Do you think of deny him from going off
Do you think of buy them
Do you think of coming back to home
Do you think of reduce food intake
Do you think of stop going outside
Do you think of assemblying a basketball team
Do you think of complaining to neighbors
Do you think of going outside tomorrow
Do you think of propose my idea
Do you think of breaking this plate
Do you think of 
Do you think of give him my clothes
Do you think of going this place
Do you think of go to this party
Do you think of interact with him
Do you think of not talking
I think if this referee is any good
I think if this place is empty
I think if i paid my respects yet
I think if this opportunity deserves it
I think melting candles
I think is i added weight
I think sleeping
I think if they apply rules
I think if this place is dangerous
I think if this place is safe
I think tie my belt
I think go through this place
I think if i can carry this box
I think if im going on the right path
I think if i took the bottles
I think i fired
I think  if i turned off the oven
I think if i closed the bag
I think if i choosed this sentence
I think if i congratulated him
I think if i broke this door
I think if he protected me this day
I think to protect him
I think coach him
I think won this time
I think if i should tie this curtains
I think if finish in time
I think if fish in this place
I think if consumed the goods
I think if could race him
I think if i grew up
I think if frooze this water
I think if this meds is efficient
I think if i should change the place
I think if this merits it
I think if i could endure this heat
I think if take the milk before it spoils
I think if i could fit in this pit
I think if i could wait for him
I think if i could endure this downing
I think if i could change my clothes
I think if i could i could resign
I think if i could tighten my belt
I think if i could make my clothes
I think if i could if i could change my glasses
I think if i could announce my decision
I think if i could i could take my arm
I think if i could if this project will be successful
I think if i could loose weight
I think if i could ate foor this morning
I think if i could ate yesterday night
I think if i could made my clothes
I think if i could forgive him
I think if i could pray again
I think if i could drove this way
I think if i could ate a cake
I think if i could  fix this machine
I think if i could mop the floor
I think if i could cleaned my house
mop the floor
I think if i could leave the windows open
I think if the this palce will be full
I think if i could washed off dirty clothes
I think if i could reserve beforehand
I think if i could improve the machine
I think if i could get naked
I think if i could turned off the tv
I think if i this food is healthy
I think if i saw this photo well
I think if i this will not end yet
Why dont you want to make your clothes
Why dont you want to forsake your winnings
Why dont you want to renew the contract
Why dont you want to mix these two machines
Why dont you want to determin who won
Why dont you want to suggest a good price
Why dont you want to focus on the exam
Why dont you want to take bribe
Why dont you want to go easy on examinees
Why dont you want to take bribe
Why dont you want to reserve a hotel
Why dont you want to host guests
Why dont you want to improve your workщ
Why dont you want to pet a dog
Why dont you want to bend this toy
Why dont you want to make a time for me
Why dont you want to suprvise this project
Why dont you want to forsake this work
Why dont you want to support this types of cafes
Why dont you want to call for pray
Why dont you want to write down this number
Why dont you want to continue your education
Why dont you want to punish me
Why dont you want to cook on the stove
Why dont you want to expose what you know
Why dont you want to reduce watching over people
Why dont you want to close your shop
Why dont you want to jump from the balcony
Why dont you want to buy lean bread
Why dont you want to get along with me on phone
Why dont you want to demolish this house
Why dont you want to sell this house
Why dont you want to stop me from doing this
Why dont you want to yell at me
Why dont you want to come to this meeting
Why dont you want to clean this website
Why dont you want to make good profit
Why dont you want to hate this person
Why dont you want to tell me the number
Why dont you want to unify working schedule
Why dont you want to exportate car's parts
Why dont you want to build a castle
Why dont you want to improve your garden
Why dont you want to criticize the tv programs
Why dont you want to forsake me
Why dont you want to run when you had a chance
Why dont you want to start buyylinh
Why dont you want to praise me
Why dont you want to park in this place
Why dont you want to discriminate your students
Why dont you want to avoid this approach
Why dont you want to encercle
Why dont you want to supervise me
Why dont you want to color the papers
Why dont you want to forsake yourlife
Why dont you want to appreciate your wife
Why dont you want to appreciate this village
Why dont you want to stop boss from talking
Why dont you want to faint on me
Why dont you want to propose to this girl
Why dont you want to take your money from bank
Why dont you want to stop erecting
Why dont you want to improve your intelects
Why dont you want to tell em the stories
Why dont you want to break bad
Why dont you want to eat fried food
Why dont you want to melt the fat
Why dont you want to fis this video
Why dont you want to gather the rocks
Why dont you want to sabotage your work
Why dont you want to make a good cake
Why dont you want to picture me while i'm swimming
Why dont you want to congratulate him for his accomplishment
Why dont you want to take back your rights
Why dont you want to go down
Why dont you want to take your phone in the water
Why dont you want to try this pool
Why dont you want to scare this young person
Why dont you want to fool me
Why dont you want to inspire me
Why dont you want to control you problem
Why dont you want to control you problem
Why dont you want to finish your job
Why dont you want to improve the website
Why dont you want to  scratch the glass
Why dont you want to praise this day
Why dont you want to strengthen your ties
Why dont you want to give him money
Why dont you want to select this kid
Why dont you want to justify your problem
Why dont you want to lose weight
Why dont you want to travel thismonth
Why dont you want to be in a love relationship
Why dont you want to go on this bus
the bus is full
this bus is full we go on another one
trust me this time
Why dont you want to invent something for you country
Why dont you want to profite from
Why dont you want to close this window
i think of supporting this initiative
i think of call prayinf
i think of writing my lesson
i think of studying
i think of punishing him
i think of sleeping more
i think of showing off
i think of reduce places
i think of selecting good songs for this event
i think of jump off
i think of hurting my knee
i think of he will be understandful
i think of winning this contest
i think of protecting him
i think of him stopping me from entering
i think of yelling at me
i think of selcting a RDV
i think of selecting a list
i think of achieving my goals
i think of drying my clothes
i think of getting bored
i think of wearing nice
i think of exporting this
i think of finishing construction
i think of improving this place
i think of criticizing him
i think of prices increase
i think of if i could escape
i think of they started the party yet
i think of praising me in front of them
i think of changing this place
i think of paying the netry fees
i think of cercling the place
i think of if go on tram
i think of him accepting boys
i think of them securing this place
i think of if these colors are any good
i think of gambling
i think if he will apreciate me
i think of quiting this place
i think of if they will do a boywot
i think if this man drinks
i think is voting is near
i think of going back
i think of accelerating
i think of growing up
i think if he passed his exam
i think if this place is limited
i think if the money will suffice
i think takibng many clothes
i think if i need to make changes
i think if i made my bed yesterday
i think if the milk is spoiled
i think if my mom called me
i think if i took good pictures
i think if he praised me 
i think if i go down
i think if take this place
i think if i could park here
i think if he tried this place
i think if this place will scare him
i think if i got fooled
i think if this pen any good
i think if i could heal
i think if the boys are resting
i think if i could eat well
i think if i could see another doc
i think if i injured my ankle
i think if i got injured
i think if i broke a bone
i think if i could go in this place
i think if i could get lose in this road
i think if choosed the goods
i think to apply to this school
i think if i joined this school
i think if i could build a house in two months
i think if he will go out with me
i think if i could fix my house
i think if they will liek this topic
i think if i could clim the horse
i think if this inventing worth buying
i think if he pet an animal
i think if he will close the door
i think if he went to that event
i think if to go this party
i think if he took a good picture
i think if he broke his car
i think if he cheated from me
i think if he blocked me
i think if he is a jinxer
i think if i could discuss problem
i think if he could tip me off
i think if he could tip me off
i think if discuss my problem with him
i think if i could improve my skills
i think if this decor will be fit
i think if this houseis good for me
i think if i go watch the new movie
i think if i could mix this problem
i think if could be in choke here
why don't you want to think about this problem and find a solution
why don't you want to touch his pride 
why don't you want to take a picture of this castle
why don't you want to hit this person
why don't you want to cheat
why don't you want to  block your friend
why don't you want to jinx yourself
why don't you want to ask about the thief identity
a thieft took my car's tires
why don't you want to set a trap
why don't you want to look at me
why don't you want to argue with your mother
i want argue with my mother ever
why don't you want to improve your skills
why don't you want to decorate this house
why don't you want to enjoy your vacation
why don't you want to split the heritage
why don't you want to mess up 
why don't you want to choke the thief
why don't you want to protect yourself 
why don't you want to eat this tajine
why don't you want to participate in charity
why don't you want to learn numbers
why don't you want to leave this house
why don't you want to hit on this girl
why don't you want to ask about the exam
why don't you want to sneak to your neighbors house
why don't you want to falsify this book
why don't you want to mix between ingredients
why don't you want to revise
why don't you want to marry this girl
why don't you want to color this picture
why don't you want to live in this country
why don't you want to stop spending too much money
why don't you want to heal yourself
why don't you want to show him the way to the mall
why don't you want to leak this exam
why don't you want to soften your skin
why don't you want to aim at him with a rock
why don't you want to put the olive oil aside
i didnt put olive oil in a heated place
to perserve olive oil it should be in a good place
to perserve olive oil it should be in a bottle of glass
Why don't you want to join me
why don't you want to stay religious
why don't you want to answer the call
why don't you want to  drive well
why don't you want to  empty the box
why don't you want to endure the pain
why don't you want to listen to your teacher talk
why don't you want to accept your boss offer
why don't you want to come from vacation
why don't you want to take this prize
why don't you want to call the cops
why don't you want to turn off your phone
dont promise wxhat you cant do
Why don't you want to wait
why don't you want to cheat
why don't you want to peel apples
I'm waiting for you to explain
I'm waiting for you to cheat fast
I'm waiting for you to confess
I'm waiting for you to buy your broken car
I'm waiting for you to catch the lizard
I'm waiting for you to support him
I'm waiting for you to schange your bed
I'm waiting for you to explain to me
I'm waiting for you to work a good job
I'm waiting for you to leave the country
I'm waiting for you to go with your boy to pray
I'm waiting for you to fund a company
I'm waiting for you to pack your kidds clothes
I'm waiting for you to correct exam papers
I'm waiting for you to go for a swil
I'm waiting for you to reinburse me
I'm waiting for you to give my part of the profite
I'm waiting for you to extend the contract
I'm waiting for you to select a spot
I'm waiting for you to object to my decision
I'm waiting for you to hurry up and go outside
I'm waiting for you to hang the clothes
I'm waiting for you to gather money to travel
I'm waiting for you to get a promotion
I'm waiting for you to heal off to travel
I'm waiting for you to slow down
I'm waiting for you to refuse the invitation
I'm waiting for you to shorten the story
I'm waiting for you to fix your car
I'm waiting for you to give me a solution
I'm waiting for you to take off the pic
I'm waiting for you to fix the sink
I'm waiting for you to take off my tooth
I'm waiting for you to calm down abit
I'm waiting for you to come with me
I'm waiting for you to  balance work
I'm waiting for you to become a beggar
I'm waiting for you to fool him
I'm waiting for you to trust him
I'm waiting for you to make fire
I'm waiting for you to  help me
I'm waiting for you to spill water
I'm waiting for you to take me with you
I'm waiting for you to do a blood sample
I'm waiting for you to be surprised
I'm waiting for you to rest in holidays
I'm waiting for you to  bottle up your job
I'm waiting for you to fight off this man
I'm waiting for you to agree with the businessman
I'm waiting for you to call your boss
I'm waiting for you to become better
I'm waiting for you to choose a game
I'm waiting for you to taste the cake
I'm waiting for you to do what i say
I'm waiting for you to  solve this exercice
I'm waiting for you to object me
I'm waiting for you to catch the thief
I'm waiting for you to swing
I'm waiting for you to salute us
I'm waiting for you to fight off the killer
I'm waiting for you to show me
I'm waiting for you to do what i suggested
I'm waiting for you to double your job
I'm waiting for you to find a better offer
I'm waiting for you to fight in the war and to die as a martyr
I'm wondering if I protect him
I'm thinking of a hidden rat here
I'm thinking I did participate in this place
I'm thinking if we need to learn the basics before we go
I'm thinking if the divorce is better for them
I'm thinking to buy or prepare lunch
I'm thinking of shutting my brain off
I'm thinking if they will look for me if i wandered
I'm thinking if this book is worth reading
I'm thinking if this movie is worth watching
I'm thinking if this show is worth watching
I'm thinking to burn my house
I'm thinking if i burn my house
I'm thinking to live in this neighbor
I'm thinking if i can join this school
I'm thinking if this man could heal up
I'm thinking if they will like this film
I'm thinking if the exam will be leaked
I'm thinking if i can clean the house today
I'm thinking if i can catch cold
I'm thinking how much time it took me to find this place.
I'm thinking if this color will fade quickly.
I'm thinking if this sea is safe for swimming.
I'm thinking if it will rain tomorrow.
I'm thinking if he received the wedding invitation.
I'm thinking if he will arrive on time.
I'm thinking how much time they will take to clean this room.
I'm thinking if it will snow.
I'm thinking if this recipe will taste good.
I'm thinking if I can ask the teacher for more marks.
I'm thinking when the results of this exam will be announced.
I'm thinking when I will receive my prize.
I'm thinking if I can reach the bus.
I'm thinking if it will rain tomorrow.
I'm thinking if it will rain today.
I'm thinking who saw me dancing.
I'm thinking if this color will fade quickly.
I'm thinking if you looked for the mistakes
I'm thinking if this revision suffice
I'm thinking if exam will be easy
I'm thinking if returning this dress
I'm thinking if this problem is easy
I'm thinking if he can drive well
I'm thinking if he can make a company
I'm thinking if i should change the road
I'm thinking if this train is fast
I'm thinking if i should invest in this project
I'm thinking if this place will be empty
I'm thinking if there is a time when it gets empty
I'm thinking if this will look clear
I'm thinking if this place is for someone else
I'm thinking if anyone can enter here
I'm thinking if i can win this challenge
I'm thinking if this prize deserveful
I'm thinking if they will like the surprise
I'm thinking if they surptise will be successful
I'm thinking if my plan will work
I'm thinking if they will catch the killer
I'm thinking if they will help him
I'm thinking if i should add more suggar
I'm thinking if i should hit fast
I'm thinking if this decision is correct
I'm thinking if i should stop
I'm thinking if i should sleep now
I'm thinking if should go at the same time
I'm thinking if i should get a haircut
I'm thinking if i should study today
I'm thinking if i should buy him a gift
I'm thinking if i should buy a new charger
I'm thinking if i should finish my homework
I'm thinking if he could help me
I'm thinking if he could get me
I'm thinking if he could learn
I'm thinking if he could wake up early
I'm thinking if he prayed
I'm thinking if phone will be charged
I'm thinking if he scored during the game
I'm thinking if swam in the pool
I'm thinking if i commited a felony
I'm thinking if the radar catched me
I'm thinking if he will leave me alone
I'm thinking if he will excuse me
I'm thinking if he will explain
I'm thinking if he will anticipate
I'm thinking if he will meet me
I'm thinking if he will reduce the price
I'm thinking if he will open the door for me
I'm thinking if he will like this name
I'm thinking if he will find a good sheet
I'm thinking if he will be angry at me
I'm thinking if they will qualify for the finals
I'm thinking if they will lose the match
I'm thinking if connextion is working again
I'm thinking if i dye my hair
I'm thinking if fix the speed
I'm thinking if i wll get funding this year
I'm thinking if i will get a loan from the bank
I'm thinking i will find sufficient time to be in the meeting
I'm thinking if the interaction will be good
I'm thinking if they will come back today
I'm waiting for you to curse
I'm waiting for you to confirm this
I'm waiting for you to expose a secret
I'm waiting for you to make a juice
I'm waiting for you to tie rope
I'm waiting for you to hurt her
I'm waiting for you to meet your friends
I'm waiting for you to ask me 
I'm waiting for you to suffer
I'm waiting for you to appreciate money
I'm waiting for you to hide
I'm waiting for you to work a good job
I'm waiting for you to help this old man
I'm waiting for you to make your hair
I'm waiting for you to cross the road
I'm waiting for you to select a free time
I'm waiting for you to do a finger trick
I'm waiting for you to organize your time
I'm waiting for you to help someone fro mdeath
I'm waiting for you to laugh with your sick grandam
I'm waiting for you to predict something
I'm waiting for you to examinate yourself
I'm waiting for you to exportate toys
I'm waiting for you to ask me 
I'm waiting for you to conclude 
I'm waiting for you to lock the locker
I'm waiting for you to invite me
I'm waiting for you to feel the heat
I'm waiting for you to warm yourself
I'm waiting for you to confess
I'm waiting for you to ask for my help
I'm waiting for you to climb the tree
I'm waiting for you to brush your teeth
I'm waiting for you to produce this product
I'm waiting for you to fool this scammer
I'm waiting for you to suprise me with this trick
I'm waiting for you to lower the price of entry
I'm waiting for you to wash off your clothes
I'm waiting for you to feed the birds
I'm waiting for you to improve yourself
I'm waiting for you to give off to the poor
I'm waiting for you to insult me
I'm waiting for you to pay your debts
I'm waiting for you to carry the project
I'm waiting for you to stop losing money
I'm waiting for you to stop this project
I'm waiting for you to make a good plate
I'm waiting for you to avenge
I'm waiting for you to surpass him
I'm waiting for you to give yourself up
I'm waiting for you to appreciate your parents
I'm waiting for you to provoke this player
I'm waiting for you to help me
I'm waiting for you to make me a good meal
I'm waiting for you to interact with the fans
I'm waiting for you to invent something good
I'm waiting for you to rule this poor country
I'm waiting for you to convert to islam
I'm waiting for you to pay your respect
I'm waiting for you to make a good spot
I'm waiting for you to increase the price
I'm waiting for you to lean on the bed
I'm waiting for you to apply the law
I'm waiting for you to guard the dog
I'm waiting for you to go with the dog
I'm waiting for you to be in a relationship
I'm waiting for you to think about the crime
I'm waiting for you to make your parents happy
I'm waiting for you to appreciate your parent effort
I'm waiting for you to cry for your dad's death
I'm waiting for you to cross this thief
I'm waiting for you to do prostitution
I'm waiting for you to be patient and support your parents
I'm waiting for you to congratualte me
I'm waiting for you to hack that website
go to the barber
go to the bath
go to submit my file
go and confess
go buy dates
go to your grandma
go to you aunt
go to your firend
go to your girlfriend
go to the beach
go to your parents
go to you uncle
go feed the bird
go to your uncle
go to your aunt
go to your brother
go pay the bill
go pay back your debts
go to you sister
go stop him
go to your grandpa
go knock on the nighbors
go to the salon
go give yourself up
go buy a chair
go provoke him
go find the ball
go find a job
go to the wedding
go interact with them
go wear nice
go shower
go to your brother
go pay your respect
go clean the sheets
go hide from the sun
go buy sheets
go rest a bit
go eat lunch
go walk in the garden
go wash off
go to the groceriy shop
go buy couscous veggies
go buy paint
go sleep
go yell at them
go wipe your tears
go object to thsi treatment
go fix the holes in your wall
go hide yourself
go congratulate him
go to your uncles
go wander
go pack your clothes
go find the buyer
go sell you car
go buy a jellaba
go thank off garbage
go buy food
go buy groceries
go race with him
go  play with young brother
go there
go treat
go buy meds
go to the pharmacy
go take bank loan
go buy cookies
go put sheets in the corner
go wait
go find new path
go change you dress
go vote in the election
go on the right way
go get tissue
go give them candies
go give him his gift
go hide your clothes
go hide yourself
go find what to eat
go warm up your lunch
go cover your brother
go cook for the guests
go make your clothes
go forgive them
go extend your assurance
go talk to him
go mix the juicz
go shave your beard
go shave your face
go bring me a bottle of water
go speak to your teacher
go ask for help
go look for yourself
go take a spot for travel
go host the guests
go improve your skills
go elevate cattle
go write your lessons
go make a salade
I'm waiting for you to double your pay
I'm waiting for you to intergrate this culture
I'm waiting for you to win against a weak team
I'm waiting for you to do all your effort
I'm waiting for you to suppose something
I'm waiting for you to eat spoiled fish
I'm waiting for you to shop and go back to house
I'm waiting for you to race me
I'm waiting for you to attend to a meeting
I'm waiting for you to freeze this water
I'm waiting for you to heal yourself
I'm waiting for you to exchange clothes with me
I'm waiting for you to live a problem like this
I'm waiting for you to oppose to me for what I did
I'm waiting for you to sacrifice your life
I'm waiting for you to put the cake in your bag
I'm waiting for you to wait for me
I'm waiting for you to change your barber
I'm waiting for you to change your barber
I'm waiting for you to give up
I'm waiting for you to tell of between these two meals
I'm waiting for you to anounce a big decision
I'm waiting for you to reconciliate between them
I'm waiting for you to reconciliate between them
I'm waiting for you to coordinate between them
I'm waiting for you to take a nap
I'm waiting for you to shut up
I'm waiting for you to cook good food
I'm waiting for you to make your clothes
I'm waiting for you to give up
I'm waiting for you to formulate a sentence
I'm waiting for you to mix two sodas
I'm waiting for you to stop this bullying
I'm waiting for you to let the dog lick you
I'm waiting for you to focus
I'm waiting for you to go easy on him
I'm waiting for you to reserve in a hotel
I'm waiting for you to invite this man at you
I'm waiting for you to improve your company
I'm waiting for you to improve your manufacture
I'm waiting for you to improve your company
I'm waiting for you to spend money on yourself
I'm waiting for you to suprvise the production
I'm waiting for you to leave all your dreams
I'm waiting for you to support
I'm waiting for you to pray
I'm waiting for you to marry her
I'm waiting for you to give her marriage gift
I'm waiting for you to punsish him
I'm waiting for you to blow it up
I'm waiting for you to show off your skills
I'm waiting for you to do a diet
I'm waiting for you to jump from the balcony
I'm waiting for you to rest 
I'm waiting for you to understand me
I'm waiting for you to demolish the house
I'm waiting for you to protect me
I'm waiting for you to stop this from coming
I'm waiting for you to yell at your children
 I'm waiting for you to show me when is your RDV
I'm waiting for you to erase what your wrote
I'm waiting for you to accomplish all your 
I'm waiting for you to hate this man
I'm waiting for you to read the text
I'm waiting for you to tie the trust
I'm waiting for you to import the goods
go watch them
go watch over them
go stay with them
go pray
go  write your name
go finish your job
go subscribe
go pass the exam
go invite them
go argue with them
go ask him to invite you
go sit down
go cover yourself
go agree with the man
go with him in the car
go help him
go stop him
go yell at him
go take a schedule
go delete the messages
go achieve your goals
go tell him to be quiet
go give him the milk bottle
go feed him
go tell him to be quiet
go find a laborer
go stop talking non sense
go find cheap 
go flee
go find police station
go elevate your mood
go find a good spot
go drink meds
go catch him
go rest
go mind your business
go catch your brother
go give him
go play
go travel
go with them
go to another city
go find company
go look for someone
go count
go changethe fridge
go improve your skills
go repeat this job
go buy a ticket
go close the door
go close the window
go bring me sheet
go clean
go salute them
go sit with the guests
go take a picture
go congratulate him
go with him to the library
go grab his hand
go stand with him
go try this methode
go scare him
go fool him
go help him
go with him to the doc
go solve homework
go shop with him
go read your lessons
go cover from rain
go cover from sun
go give him to ddrink
go take what you want
go arraneg the shelves
go select what you want
go justify you position
go hang the clothes
go in march
go cool down
go with him
go dont leave him alone
go sit with him
go talk to him
go watch a bit
go fix the sink
go think very well
go delete the message
go  take apicture
go hit him in the face
go copy your lessons
go  block him
go its enough
go ask 
go or i will hit you
go shower
go hug him
go help him
go decorate your room
go enjoy your vacation
go rest a bit
I'm waiting for you to build a nice house
I'm waiting for you to improve this party
I'm waiting for you to make a good program
I'm waiting for you to leave the product
I'm waiting for you to abroad
I'm waiting for you to go abraod
I'm waiting for you to praise me
I'm waiting for you to park your car in this place
I'm waiting for you to tell of between these countries
I'm waiting for you to follwo me
I'm waiting for you to cercle the whole place
I'm waiting for you to take care of your grandma
I'm waiting for you to color this circle
I'm waiting for you to color this circle
I'm waiting for you to sacrifice 
I'm waiting for you to appreciate you mother
I'm waiting for you to go abroad
I'm waiting for you to stop talking to me
I'm waiting for you to help me
I'm waiting for you to vote for this man
I'm waiting for you to listen to the teacher
I'm waiting for you to be bad with me
I'm waiting for you to be intellectual
I'm waiting for you to tell the story
I'm waiting for you to go bad
I'm waiting for you to fry the fish
I'm waiting for you to melt the snow
I'm waiting for you to make a video
I'm waiting for you to gather these toys
I'm waiting for you to make a good diner
I'm waiting for you to prepare a good diner
I'm waiting for you to take a good picture
I'm waiting for you to congratualte me
I'm waiting for you to take back my rights
I'm waiting for you to come down with me
I'm waiting for you to stand at the electricity pillar
I'm waiting for you to try this restaurant
I'm waiting for you to scare me
I'm waiting for you to fi this problem
I'm waiting for you to finish your project
I'm waiting for you to fix this website
I'm waiting for you to add coin to this website
I'm waiting for you to scatch that wall
I'm waiting for you to do what is undeserving
I'm waiting for you to feed your dog
I'm waiting for you to strengthen your ties with him
I'm waiting for you to be a womanizer
I'm waiting for you to keep your self in a room when sick
I'm waiting for you to justify this situation
I'm waiting for you to lose weight
I'm waiting for you to do lessons
I'm waiting for you to love a girl
I'm waiting for you to get a bigger bag
I'm waiting for you to speak to this boy
I'm waiting for you to fix your gun
I'm waiting for you to invent something new
I'm waiting for you to produce useful object
I'm waiting for you to close this door
I'm waiting for you to rethink
I'm waiting for you to get a photo
I'm waiting for you to break your car
I'm waiting for you to cheat and go unoticed
I'm waiting for you to block him
I'm waiting for you to ask about the house
I'm waiting for you to prepare a trap
I'm waiting for you to encercle this place
I'm waiting for you to argue with me
I'm waiting for you to improve your life
I'm waiting for you to decorate your house
I'm waiting for you to enjoy your vacation
I'm waiting for you to get heritage
I'm waiting for you to mess up your work
I'm waiting for you to choke me while swimming
I'm waiting for you to eat tajine
I'm waiting for you to eat tajine
I'm waiting for you to win the contest
I'm waiting for you to teach me chess
I'm waiting for you to find a house for rent
I'm waiting for you to hit on this girl
I'm waiting for you to be concerned
I'm waiting for you to sneak from the door
I'm waiting for you to falsify this book
I'm waiting for you to revise your lesson
I'm waiting for you to scam this person and take all his money
I'm waiting for you to get mad
I'm waiting for you to live in a messy house
I'm waiting for you to get a hair cut
I'm waiting for you to heal yourself
I'm waiting for you to have a strong antibodies
I'm waiting for you to leak the exam
I'm waiting for you to soften your skin
I'm waiting for you to aim at me with a rock
I'm waiting for you to stock too much food
I'm waiting for you to put the good in this box
I'm waiting for you to be religious
I'm waiting for you to stop this card
I'm waiting for you to take a spot in the hotel
I'm waiting for you to be responsible
I'm waiting for you to listen to call for pray
I'm waiting for you to grade this exam
I'm waiting for you to get back from voyage
I'm waiting for you to win the cup
I'm waiting for you to call police
I'm waiting for you to turn off the tv
I'm waiting for you to sit here
I'm waiting for you to cheat
I'm waiting for you to peel figgs
I'm waiting for you to remember
I'm waiting for you to revise the subject
I'm waiting for you to give me back my money
I'm waiting for you to understand the exercice
I'm waiting for you to drive the plan
Let me cool the fire
Let me help you
Let me stop water
Let me get the chair
Let me ask him for help
Let me put the food
Let me cook dinner
Let me go out
Let me clean the dirt
Let me fight him
Let me lose weight
Let me gain weight
Let me call him
Let me turn off light
Let me change mood
Let me choose
Let me gamble
Let me travel
Let me act
Let me swim
Let me swim
Let me wash clothes
Let me swing
Let me shake hand
Let me hurry up
Let me face him
Let me appear to them
Let me clean the glass
Let me double him
Let me change clothes
Let me attest with him
Let me get plants
Let me buy seeds
Let me show him photos
Let me make orange juice
Let me tie my shoes
Let me avoid the harm
Let me meet him
Let me ask for a loanщ
Let me suffer
Let me look for rent
Let me hide 
Let me work
Let me help him
Let me make my hair
Let me grab he wall
Let me express my feelings
Let me get sick
Let me make my clothes
Let me regret
Let me play
Let me do it myself
Let me talk to him
Let me examine you
Let me get rid of him
Let me throw garbage
Let me finish my work
Let me lock the door
Let me invite them
Let me change my clothes
Let me get out of the room
Let me confess to him
Let me be hard working
Let me climb the mountain
Let me brush my hair
Let me get hair cut
Let me fool him
Let me impress him
Let me loose
Let me wash clothes
Let me feed him
Let me wander off
Let me be humble
Let me change my dress
Let me pay
Let me get you back to house
Let me lose weight
Let me stop him
Let me jump
Let me run
Let me walk
Let me advance
Let me count
Let me provoke him
Let me live like i want
Let me gaze 
Let me join you
Let me interact with them
Let me invent
Let me take a shower
Let me hug you
Let me pay my respects
Let me grabe the sword
Let me get our of the sun
Let me increase sound
Let me lean
Let me cut this paper
Let me clean
Let me take him to school
Let me kiss you
I'm waiting for you besire the school
I'm waiting for you at the municipality
I'm waiting for you at the police station
I'm waiting for you at the company
I'm waiting for you at the company
I'm waiting for you count how much i lose
I'm waiting for you clarify this problem
I'm waiting for you own a house here
I'm waiting for you slide
I'm waiting for you confront him and outrace him
I'm waiting for you take a look at nature
I'm waiting for you own a house here
I'm waiting for you talk to me 
I'm waiting for you climb the tree
I'm waiting for you customise a fatan
I'm waiting for you perserve your job
I'm waiting for you to gent lentils
I'm waiting for you give me your final word
I'm waiting for you cancel
I'm waiting for you aim at the bird
I'm waiting for you complain to me
I'm waiting for you improve your restaurant
I'm waiting for you look for this sick person
I'm waiting for you buy me a gift
I'm waiting for you charge my phone
I'm waiting for you search
I'm waiting for you shot well
I'm waiting for you understand what i say
I'm waiting for you dance over this song
I'm waiting for you wake up to go outside
I'm waiting for you pray to go outside
I'm waiting for you all me
I'm waiting for you score a good goal
I'm waiting for you tackle me 
I'm waiting for you commit a crime
I'm waiting for you find money
I'm waiting for you avoid this theory
I'm waiting for you excuse me
I'm waiting for you justify the project
I'm waiting for you publish journal
I'm waiting for you meet the tourists
I'm waiting for you argue with me
I'm waiting for you justify this
I'm waiting for you to name your kid
I'm waiting for you to do excercice
I'm waiting for you to make him angry
I'm waiting for you to qualify
I'm waiting for you to lose quickly
I'm waiting for you to sell the house
I'm waiting for you to paint your room in yellow
I'm waiting for you to give me good pay
I'm waiting for you to increase my pay check
I'm waiting for you to borrow some money
I'm waiting for you to build a swimming pool in the house
I'm waiting for you to dance
I'm waiting for you to deserve this
I'm waiting for you to get a hit 
I'm waiting for you to adress this to your parents
I'm waiting for you to go south
I'm waiting for you to fix your kitchen
I'm waiting for you to be responsible
I'm waiting for you to send me a flag of morocco
I'm waiting for you to join this school
I'm waiting for you to support this sickness
I'm waiting for you to take me to this city
I'm waiting for you to convince me i lost
I'm waiting for you to hit me
I'm waiting for you to make my kid strong
I'm waiting for you to taste this meal
I'm waiting for you to come to wedding
I'm waiting for you to forsake your habbit
I'm waiting for you to answer my call
I'm waiting for you to invite them
I'm waiting for you to fix a goal
I'm waiting for you to consult me
I'm waiting for you to split your money with them
I'm waiting for you to accomplish all your dreams
I'm waiting for you to change the rules
I'm waiting for you to get a successful surgery
I'm waiting for you to make a baby
I'm waiting for you to accomplish your dreams
I'm waiting for you to push the kid
I'm waiting for you to act this role
I'm waiting for you to get all the numbers
I'm waiting for you to cancel this vacation
I'm waiting for you to give money back
I'm waiting for you to retire
I'm waiting for you to be fair with your students
I'm waiting for you to solve this problem
I'm waiting for you to cool down this cup of tea
I'm waiting for you to pour me a glass
I'm waiting for you to record his talk
I'm waiting for you to record his talk
I'm waiting for you to count 
I'm waiting for you to provoke me
I'm waiting for you to print the papers
I'm waiting for you to get nervous
I'm waiting for you to get tired
I'm waiting for you to calm down
I'm waiting for you to object to this decision
I'm waiting for you to continue traveling
I'm waiting for you to succeed
Let me get goods from abroad
Let me take a look
Let me wait here
Let me walk by myself
Let me close him
Let me fix my teeth
Let me inspire them
Let me find him a doctor
Let me get my stuff together
Let me continu in my path
Let me reimburse you
Let me bring a cat to house
Let me bring a dog to house
Let me break his bones
Let me strengthen ties
Let me argue with him
Let me choose something good
Let me justify
Let me bring his suitcase
Let me bring you food
Let me change my mirrors
Let me make this project viral
Let me chat with you
Let me invent something
Let me invent something
Let me learn a skill
Let me close them
Let me rethink
Let me send him a message
Let me show  them
Let me mess his tactics
Let me cheat
Let me block him
Let me close him
Let me ask
Let me set him a trap
Let me show him around
Let me argue with him
Let me add some infos
Let me fix his hair
Let me cease the opportunity
Let me fix his makeup
Let me mess up
Let me choke
Let me protect him
Let me eat
Let me join this contest
Let me ask them
Let me meet
Let me take a picture
Let me ask about them
Let me sneak inside
Let me set a trap
Let me give him salt
Let me revise my lessons
Let me make diner
Let me blow up
Let me live bymyself
Let me ease up 
Let me take him to heal
Let me show him the way
Let me leak the exam
I just came back from library
I just came back from city
I just came back from forest
I just came back from work hall
I just came back from work hall
I just came back from hospital
I just came back from manufacture
I just came back from voyage
I just came back from my gandma
I just came back from photographer
I just came back from uni
I just came back from Haj
I just came back from praying
I just came back from hotel
I just came back from resturant
I just came back from field
I just came back from administration
I just came back from fie;d
I just came back from jdida
I just came back from cinema
I just came back from lecture
Let me make my clothes
Let me aim at him with a shoe
Let me stock groceries
Let me good bye my friends
Let me choose sheets
Let me believe in my ideas
Let me bother him
Let me buy water
Let me empty this drawer
Let me be responsible
Let me listen to what he said
Let me put the point 
Let me get to back to my mother
Let me sell my gold
Let me call the police
Let me drop of the watch
Let me sit down
i'm waiting for you at the restaurant
i'm waiting for you stop joking around
i'm waiting for you send another army
i'm waiting for you get along in the class
i'm waiting for you tie of your shoes
i'm waiting for you quote a good sentence
i'm waiting for you control your kids
i'm waiting for you go viral
i'm waiting for you to impress tourists
i'm waiting for you to like my video
i'm waiting for you to be independant
i'm waiting for you to stutter
i'm waiting for you to wake me up
i'm waiting for you to appreciate what i do
i'm waiting for you to kick me
i'm waiting for you to count me
i'm waiting for you to get this dress
i'm waiting for you to sue me
i'm waiting for you to affirm this
i'm waiting for you to get infos from him
i'm waiting for you to go to the mall
i'm waiting for you to report the surgery
I don't want you to think again
You don't want to start studying
You don't want to do this approach
You don't want to give me back my money
You don't want to get out
You don't want to drive a car
You don't want to build a house
You don't want to tackle this player
You don't want to train a bit
You don't want to invest your money
You don't want to buy something
You don't want to swim
You don't want to clarify what i say
You don't want to own a house like this
You don't want to tackle him
You don't want to face him
You don't want to gaze
You don't want to own fields
You don't want to argue with me
You don't want to climb the tree
You don't want to play and study
You don't want to have good reputation
You don't want to be careful after surgery
You don't want to make a hard decision
You don't want to buy this story
ah i dont like this story
You don't want to shot the bird
You don't want to complain about us
You don't want to improve your life
You don't want to take care of yourself
You don't want to buy something fresh
You don't want to fill this box with veggies
You don't want to set a goal
You don't want to become like this businessman
You don't want to understand what you say to me
You don't want to dance publicly
You don't want to wake up 
You don't want to come at time
You don't want to call me
You don't want to score a goal
You don't want to swing tin the ice
You don't want to commit a crime
You don't want to find what you lost
You don't want to avoid this
You don't want to excuse me
You don't want to explain what you are doing
Don't go hard on yourself
Don't try to change his mind
Don't come to me
Don't ask me for help
Don't try to act hard
Don't cry to me
Don't be surprised
Don't act scared
Don't make me angry
Don't go to him
Don't stutter
Don't try to express 
Don't increase food
Don't go inside
Don't come to me
Don't mind
Don't change your clothes
Don't sue him
Don't be confident
Don't sleep
Don't enter
Don't  go out
Let me think
Let me revise my lessons
Let me follow this approach
Let me give him back his money
Let me solve this problem
Let me drive them
Let me get my certificate
Let me face
Let me go in train
Let me hide my money
Let me quiet
Let me stop them
Let me block them
Let me cut
Let me go outisde
Let me face him
Let me look for rent
Let me own his house
Let me talk to him
Let me go in stairs
Let me take escaltor
Let me revise
Let me tell him the info
Let me fix his objects
Let me take my own decision
Let me see this singer
Let me go by night
Let me follow his opinion
Let me get a hair cut
Let me watch him
Let me choose
Let me charge my pc
Let me do my research
Let me be jealous
Let me understand
Let me dance
Let me wake up 
Let me pray
Let me turn off my pc
Let me play in snow 
Let me score agoal
Let me climb horse
Let me look for the problem
Let me finish my work
Let me give him what he wants
Let me explain to him
Let me stop him from crying
Let me meet them
Let me negotiatie
Let me analyse this
Let me find a name
Let me lean
Let me be upset
Let me be good
Let me be bad
Let me fix my hair
Let me paint my nails
Let me tell him what to bring
Let me  borrow from him
Let me borrow from him
Let me help build
Let me bring a warpet
Let me deserve it
Let me brush your teeth
Let me show you
Let me show you the way
Let me buy you groceries
Let me find you rent
Let me send you money
Let me show you the way
Let me bite you
Let me elaborate an example
Let me convince him
Let me train with them
Let me  be muscular
Let me taste
Let me invite people
Let me give him to someone
I don't want you to publish what you said
I don't want you to meet me
I don't want you to find a restuarant
You don't want to analyse the test
You don't want to give your son a name
You don't want to extentd the contract
You don't want to qualify for final
You don't want to qualify for final
You don't want to lose the final
You don't want to get along with your fam
You don't want to paint the house
You don't want to spend 
You don't want to give me advices
You don't want to give him money
You don't want to call the state
You don't want to call the state
You don't want to take something
You don't want to mind your business
You don't want to mind your business
You don't want to explain to the kids
You don't want to put you habd on a project
You don't want to do your job
You don't want to eat liver
You don't want to warn him
You don't want to train him
You don't want to convince me
You don't want to be a team coach
You don't want to be sportive
You don't want to eat this tasty food
You don't want to call me for lunch
You don't want to forsake your dream
You don't want to interact with me
You don't want to eat this med
Let me cheat
Let me peel eggs
Dont look for me
Don't bother yourself
Don't follow him
Don't walk there
Don't custmise a jalaba
Don't revise this
Don't explain to him
Don't lend him
Don't help him
Don't go with him
Don't get angry
Don't be happy
Don't count
Don't watch over him
Don't buy soda
Don't make bread 
Don't make lunch
Don't make diner
Don't try to understand
Don't dance
Don't  wake up early
Don't  go to grocery cshop
Don't change your phone
Don't try to score
Don't take a taxi
Don't take the bus
Don't take the bus
Don't  take a motobike
Don't excuse him
Don't explain
Don't show him the way
Don't find excuses
Don't negotiate with him
Don't analyse with him
Don't find a name
Don't dbother
Don't be mad
Don't try to qualify
Don't be upset
Don't leave him alone
Don't paint walls now
Don't clean the sheets
Don't bring him food
Don't borrow from him
Don't take a bank loan
Don't be mad
Don't be nervous
Don't get a haircut
Don't shave your face
Don't throw the leftovers
Don't fix the house now
Don't mind
Don't send him the adress
Don't find a new school
Don't look for a plumber
Don't take the camera
Don't bring a camera
Don't be absent
Don't buy this toy
Don't knock
Don't invite them
Don't leave your dreams
Don't answer the call
Don't be scared
Don't be suprised
Don't pretend
Don't ask him
Don't split with me
Don't enter to this place
Don't look too much
Don't ask for rules
Don't do the surgery
Don't bring bread
Don't talk to him
Don't  be arrogant
Don't bring him with you
Don't shave him
Don't cancel your projects
Don't give him pocket money
Don't give him the chain
Don't custimize the pants
Don't join the club
Don't spill water on sand
Don't try to forget
Don't go back
Don't  call me this night
Don't rush your job
Don't  count too much
Don't i nspire him 
Don't give me false hope
Don't bring it 
Don't give him your secret
Don't interfere
Don't object
Don't show off
Don't yell
Don't show him the way
Don't stop him from going out
You don't want to fix a goal
You don't want to exagerate
You don't want to consult me
You don't want to split money
You don't want to have accomplishments
You don't want to follow this rule
You don't want to do a surgery
You don't want to bring me a kilo
You don't want to play with me
You don't want to lose weight
You don't want to abuse him
You don't want to wire money
You don't want to be fair
You don't want to be fair with students
You don't want to win money
You don't want to pour water
You don't want to customize clothes
You don't want to blame me
You don't want to fix your hair
You don't want to join academy
You don't want to count exercices
You don't want to inspire
You don't want to print
You don't want to  calm down
You don't want to speak to me
You don't want to have a baby
You don't want to get a baby
You don't want to pray
You don't want to play 
You don't want to stop addiction
You don't want to strengthen yourself
You don't want to get along with your fam
You don't want to tie your shoes
You don't want to control your wife
You don't want to blow the ballon
You don't want to like your boss
You don't want to get good pictures
You don't want to win lot of money
You don't want to be independant
You don't want to stutter
You don't want to advance
You don't want to appreciate what I do
You don't want to kick the dog
You don't want to count your job
You don't want to  buy the dress i bought
You don't want to sue him
You don't want to affirm what i said
You don't want to get the materials
You don't want to go to hospital
You don't want to reunite
You don't want to clarify
You don't want to copy me
You don't want to descirminate
You don't want to do a scan
You don't want to catch
You don't want to support your firend
You don't want to go back class
You don't want to understand teacher
You don't want to work with this boss
You don't want to work this unfair job
You don't want to go to the mall
You don't want to finance this project
You don't want to gather clothes
You don't want to correct
You don't want to go to beach
You don't want to enjoy your adult life
You don't want to rob this scammer
You don't want to extend the contract
You don't want to object what i say
You don't want to chose a time
 You took too much time to rest
 You took too much time to empty the room
 You took too much time to change house
 You took too much time to take your grades
 You took too much time to take time
 You took too much time to return the clothes
 You took too much time to go to bath
 You took too much time to calm down
You don't want to rush
You don't want to hang your clothes
You don't want to get a paycheck
You don't want to stand out
You don't want to heal your father
You don't want to slow down work
You don't want to not worry
You don't want to have a bad reputation
You don't want to show the sentences
You don't want to fix the juice machine
You don't want to do side hissle
You don't want to remember the table
You don't want to rush your firend
You don't want to clean the sink
You don't want to take back your rights
You don't want to calm down a bit
You don't want to take back your rights
You don't want to balance off your rights
You don't want to ask the man to show you 
You don't want to finish your job
You don't want to advance
You don't want to fire the place
You don't want to help your firend find a job
You don't want to spill water from bottle
You don't want to talk to him and find the problem
You don't want to flex on him and send your photos
if you dont want i will tell him
You don't want to rest on the bed
You don't want to sabotage your work
You don't want to fight me 
You don't want to get along in the class
You don't want to agree with him
You don't want to call him
You don't want to change yourself for the better
You don't want to find the best piece
You don't want to live in hard work
You don't want to follow the law
You don't want to appeal to this decision
you will go to prison for 10 years
You don't want to catch the thief
You don't want to shake his hand
You don't want to rush your work
You don't want to face off
You don't want to look poor
You don't want to clean the table
You don't want to double your money
You don't want to look this offer
You don't want to die praying
You don't want to take the flowers
You don't want to clarify
You don't want to wash the clothes
You don't want to make an orange juice
You don't want to tie your hand
You don't want to finish your contract
You don't want to meet him
You don't want to ask money
You don't want to suffer poverty
You don't want to work poorly
You don't want to hide in the door
You don't want to work night job
You don't want to help us out
You don't want to wander by night
You don't want to be strict with me
You don't want to see my blood pressure
You don't want to look for another spot
You don't want to organize your time
You don't want to help someone dying off
You don't want to help your sick parents
You don't want to predict 
You don't want to examine me
You don't want to send clothes abraod
You don't want to speak respectfully
You don't want to do a big conclusion
You don't want to lock the locker
You don't want to invite her
You don't want to attest
You don't want to warm us
You don't want to confess
You don't want to climb the mountain
You don't want to climb the mountain
You don't want to wash your dirty teeth
Don't close the door 
Don't delete messages
Don't think much
Don't take picture of the board
Don't furniture the house
Don't copy him
Don't bock him
Don't send him your photos
Don't ask him
Don't empty the house
Don't shower today
Don't argue with him
Don't show him what to do
Don't increase the price
Don't profite from him
Don't accept heritage
Don't disappoint me
Don't make me regret
Don't protect him
Don't eat the sauce
Don't participate with them
Don't teach him the skill
Don't lie to me
Don't wash your face
Don't be mad at them
Don't sneak inside
Don't eat bread
Don't mix the juice
Don't revise for exam
Don't scam him
Don't get mad
Don't rent here
Don't pack the suitcase
Don't go to this hospital
Don't look for help
Don't leak the infos
Don't soften your hair
Don't say anything
Don't stock food
Don't good bye 
Don't sabotage his computer
Don't be assertive
Don't ask him to come
Don't stand still
Don't empty the bosses
Don't support his noise
Don't listen to him
Don't hug him
Don't give him back his clothes
Don't accept the prize
Don't go to police
Don't turn off light
Don't buy the perfum
Don't look for answers
Don't look for this book
Don't think of whats coming
Don't revise the lesson
Don't stay up
Don't come back 
Don't find a solution
Don't drive
Don't give him to drive
Don't be hypcrite
Don't train with them
Don't invest in the goods
Don't yell at them
Don't lower the curtains
Don't explain what happened
Don't look fih him
Don't drop the bed
Don't dare him
Don't curse
Don't fool me
Don't discuss with him
Don't speak with him
Don't talk recklessly
Don't act this way
Don't mind me
Don't elevate the dog
Don't look for tenant
Don't look for seller
Don't bring kids
Don't sue him
Don't stop his pocket money
Don't watch over him
Don't buy him food
Don't buy a charger
Don't exagerate
Don't jinx him
Don't be mad
Don't touch the wall
Don't outpace him
Don't leave him alone
Don't break the phone
Don't score
Don't increase speed
Don't do a felony
Don't catch him
Don't be near to him
Don't give him what he wants
You don't want to produce this product
You don't want to fool me
You don't want to surprise me
You don't want to reduce price
You don't want to wash ooff clothes
You don't want to feed your starving dog
You don't want to wander off
You don't want to give off money
You don't want to mean it
You don't want to give me what i want
You don't want to give back the material
You don't want to lose weight
You don't want to stop sports
You don't want to mind your parents
You don't want to annoy the kid
You don't want to abuse this kid
You don't want to propose mariage
You don't want to give your sister importance
You don't want to annoy the fans
You don't want to gaze
You don't want to wait
You don't want to attent to class
You don't want to interact with me
You don't want to invent something 
You don't want to rule the country
You don't want to hug your girlfriend
You don't want to pay your condeliences
Don't forsake the house 
Don't extend the act
Don't paint walls now
Don't mix juice with milk
Don't fix your clothes
Don't clean the window
Don't make lunch to day
Don't focus
Don't lower your level
Don't lower your level
Don't reserve beforehand
Don't invite him
Don't improve this machine
Don't do diet
Don't cut the cake
Don't look for med
Don't apply cream
Don't resign
Don't support his ideas
Don't act liek you didnt hear
Don't give me back the book
Don't follow this path
Don't punish him
Don't blow the tire
Don't show off your skills
Don't lower water
Don't close doors
Don't jump
Don't agree with him
Don't agree with him
Don't scare him
Don't agree with her
Don't stop from watching
Don't yell at him
Don't look for a date
Don't wipe the table
only one still awake
only one still awake
you two only
just alittle bit
did i hang up
i don't have call coins
you asked me about my brothers
god save them
do you have brothers
god save them
you study tomorrow
no Tuesday
will you study Saturday
i'm scared
i will come
where will we meet
when i will come i will tell you
when do you rest
where do you think you will rest
where you want
where you want
what do you want to see
how much is rent here
i will look it up
what do you do
is the weather hot
you didnt sleep yet
i'm going to sleep
i will get cold
i will go take a shower
after will talk
take care
transalte this word
how is the part i sent
i will come back
i moved a bit
how's life there
what do i studyщ
i said take care
and you answered
how did you pass the day there
how's weather at your place
answer me
i will need them after tomorrow
thank you very much
i remember i'm with you
i will do all it takes
we need a sentence
i deleted it
the rythme is correct
thanks teacher
teacher please the new song
the one you gave us
please the rythme
you told us we will find it on youtube
whats the title of thsi song
hello educational salutation
these are cards
i hope everyone has degrees
feel good
you are welcome
how are you
i'm good and you
how are you
thank you for asking
i tagged you on a video on fb
what are you celebrating
this motobike is good
tomorrow i will show you my motobike
he is going out now
how are you now
is everything good
how's your health
hey bro what's up
is today eid
are you good
i'm good for now
is everything good
thanks bro to you as well
do you mean it
where are you today
inchaelah brother
when will you go
i went to market
where are you at
this motobike is broken
i mount the bike
it's ok
descend at the stop
full houseщ
we have guests
one month of guests
how's you rtime
my phone is broken
i have the old one
i work with it
how's your health
the sound is not working
this one is new
it's working until it's not
everything is good here
are you good
we are going well
how's your work
my mother came today
someone died from our family
she went alone
how are you with work
we are going well
god forbid
keep going
good do well
working now
god help you
to you to brother
it's unlikely
this time coming with you
we are coming all to you
probably
take care
my mother just asked me
how marvelous
wait i bring headhpones
i call you
just alittle bit
we are you att
why is this weird
don't insult my phone
don't go unoticed
we are doing well bro
what do you say
heavy rain
today is a sonny day
you have rain
evening i will call you
first half
the team is winning
it's alright
tell me 
if you are free i will come to you
we are going well
are we near ?
well brother
hey brother
are you good
we miss you
is there no light
you asked
from yesterday you didn't ask
tomorrow i will come
come this evening
i came to my house
tomorrow we drink a coffee
lets go to gym
what are you saying
what did we do for pigeons
will you come
i went just yesterday
tomorrow when you will come lets drink a coffee
lets go to thrift shop
come to neighbor
he fix them for 50dh
50dh is too much
he fixed it well
tell him to try it
he will pay
goods if you want it
you did bad with me
i will call you
come to meet 
i just finished
i brought it because of sun
i didn't think about it
if just i remember last week
hey brother what are you saying
god help our president
come to us
he deserve it bro
the barbecue is good
i'm just with my brother now
next week we will meet
go we will meet
i'm happy for you
did you succeed
i'm coming to home 
i'm on my way
i'm on the road
i will find it
what did you do in this plan
i want it for work
we drink a coffee
are you not working
we meet at 5
lets meet in cafe
where is the match
i got 10
tomorrow we go to market
i'd like to thank teachers
the idea the brother said is nice
it's good for all fof us
we continue what we started
the objective is young kids
which application we use for education
repeat this
this is extra curricular activities
for trainign its successful
we continue training
it's important we care for childhood
educational salutations
i respect you opinion
my phone doesn't have arabic
i'm sorry
do you agree
care for educational matters
is it imprtant he pass training
is it sufficient
is there presnet
if you present 
this year he won't be 
they will do a follow up
especially you are going to train
please send me this
is this the correct learning way
please invite me to groupe
lets suffer lowest losses
we need it
surely
hopefully
inchaelah brother
i'm with you in driving educational
i will be with you too
are you well
it's working for me brother
when you want to wake up
come dine with us
i wanted to say it beforehand
we go at 9
whats your proce
i will bring you the bike
will he come today or noy
dont come to me
surely
i'm coming
come take me
he works today
give him the bag
i'm still late
i wont come today
who worked yesterday
you have phones for sale
there is a store
Saturday you will forget
why Saturday
did you bring the wheel
call me
were you going
we go tomorrow
i prayed
which approach
coming now
good morning
i saw them
i will ask them
i didn't come yet
i want chicken please
i told you i'm not available
until you come
they asked me to ssend
i don't want
i'm not available
we are all present
someone propose the offers
we will participate in a theatrical piece
what are we gonan do
like our parents breed us
go see what's happening
the fans are acting up
give us your insta account
i dont know too
see this a will will make an emblem
come with us
lets make fashion
who wrote this book
what's with her
no man
this is not true
good night
i will send it to you
just sign
you want to download
i sold it
is there any news
when it's possible
who has the penal code
i want to apply for master law
we work together
i heard they will pass today has it been reported
do you have any idea
no i don't
today is the final exam
go study another master's
this master's is not sucessful
just an advice
many people confirm this
i'm one of the victims
it's rare you find this master's
the website of subscription
is lawyer exam anounced
its near
the same conditions 
bachelor or masters
they hire many lawyers
master's they go work as jurists
master's is short in lawyer
is lawyer exam anounced
is redactor exam a nanounced
tell me the name of application
you are welcome
is there any news of lawyer exam
did they anounce the exam
i don't know
whats this proposal for
last deadline is tomorrow
what should we focus on for lawyer's exam
is this for student of law
first list of north
we go south
which diplomas
are you invoked
send us the analyse
who has it
resend it please
i think not yet
they are anounced
send website please
maybe next week
i see
good luck to everyone
whats time now
i don't undersant
i don't know
many people have cheated
we prepare for too many time
effort went in vain
lawyer in a city
how much pay
pay him
they pay something
yes its true
this sum is correct
i was secretary for a lawyer
the rtraining for first year
best this you did
god help us and everyone
one advice start revising
what to study first
i don't know
if you wait
to see results
time will go waisted
for nothing
we wish good
dont be mad
god has a plan
god help you
please find me something
join us
as a trainer
this anouncement
we should not be quiet
go and be quiet
give them your ID
that's all
there is no special number
this is exam number
where can i find this number
what did you do today
i cooked fish and lentils
i went to market
i bought menth
i brought a kilo
persils
whats the price
give me two dirhams
the alley is full
crowdy place
today is eid
thats why
we went up
we visited stores
all of them are closed
shop is closed
by evening
we come back
okay deal
we go together
what will you buy
we look in another shop
you didnt lie
we went to him
we will be late
we visited all stores
lets go back
whats that
i forgot
gorcoreries of evning
to make cake of eid
when is eid
they went to pray eid
alright
he will come by morning
we take pictures
i will go to my aunt
i will go to my aunt
they gave you money pocket
take raisins
you go and come
she left it 
bring milk from store
my uncle is sick
he went to hospital
they injected him
i saw him before
coming on a motobike
with my aunt with him
its a bad see
see for yourself
his dad came
went to mosque
they get along
they told him
he has
he took two millions
he send money to his children
he told them he has no money
i came back to house
the key is for house
why did you build it
where has he been
she came to live
look for yourself elsewhere
do somehing useful
keep wasting time
stay with them
take care of your brothers
they got it
you left with nothing
look for a girl
make children
how much you have here
younger people married
they want you to stay this way
go do something usefull
they will be with you
there is no trust
where will you find someone
its hard these days
just look
there are good girl
go to country side
ask a woman
she knows
go to country side
ask her
if she knows a good girl
for marriage
a good people
is sure
you knew here before hand
see her friend
you called
take head pill
i'm dizzy
sleep a bit
i will walk
give me bread
give me bread
he lives in a place
he knows that 
it has offer
i'm with them
i'm not having breakfast
there arent too much people
sit down
i went
is there some work
he want to 
be with them
he wont come back
from where did you come
he knows me
he is lying to me
she found him
why you lie
youa re
coming
go help
find money
they count everything
look
they go inside
to an island
ali
depends on the company
how much you work
good for you
hard to stay
always on the plane
not the first time
he grow ants
herb grow up
good restaurant
3 dirham is not much
shut up
be wise
he scored
good hotel
has a shower
i look from it
one week counted
which month
droped the price
you buy
you are wise
wait for him
go from
too much money
you went
he sneak out from work
someone propose
not working
he speaks to you
show him 
he give him
we think
we talk about it
he got promoted
be hard
slap him
he brought a shovel
he passed hard time
stopped from here
he makes
teach me how to fish
i love him
like our parents breed us
how much remain for the game
be quiet or i will hit you
i know everything
he has bad intent
i wander in alley
look at the road
take care of your parents
drug society
everytime he is calm
unconsciously
just reserve
where he gone now
he has a family
nothing happened
he got fed up with the city
he is nervous
where
you think selfishlyh
i'm gone
one thing please
gimme solution
he arrived
he is not good
the idea is clear
its logic
unsimialr minds
everyone thinks differently
depends on the choice
you need a lot
your brother has it
when do you finish
go god help you
is it hard ?
thanks for support
thanks teacher
to us and you 
tyou find papers on desk
everyone has different schedule
she still with them
i asked us 
this is what he will do
he will call them
good morning teacher
i came from center
he went outside
he has  problem in alst name
one file of
how are you doing teacher
he will participate
sports center
you have it
he didnt come yet
he has agreement
do they give a receipt
i'm waiting for the lists
you should know hen you pass
thank you good brother
they aniounce it on website
if you already on website
there is still time
if you didnt join the website
they didnt take too much time
is the documents authentic or original
ID 
ID card should be scaned
eveyrthing scanned
convert it to pdf
ok thanks card two times
enter the site
it has everything
i dont have connection
wait let me see
you are actually seeing
they told me wait
its not a good plan
wait to go
we will go tomorrow in bus
what will we do
we go wander off
we go wader off
i need money
just look
ask your parents
tell them you want money
give me 100dh
i dont have it
i'm just sacarce
we go to aunt
they ate breakfast
where you went the morning
my mother is sick
she is sick
we went to doc
give her tv
we look pharmacy
bought meds
take this med for one month
come back to me
gimme another med
we have another thing to do
what do you have
she is afraid to stay here
just wait
how are you
gimme a barbecue
gimme glass mlilk
how are you going with earthquak
scared
everyone lives outside
he forsake money
only god
if i stayed i will be mad
he has small shop
he went to rabat met his brother
a girl is rich
are you not in good terms
i work in firm
when is study tomorrow morning
where is you parent
put it in a bag
have a good day
he will bringthis problem
put a normal phpne
i bought it before
i have a normal phone
i will not understand
i bought it expensively
i was at country house
i came
i came this morning
count this 2000 rial
modawana is bad
the situation got worse
he cant be separated
go to market
he is going and coming
you will not find it underneath
just mother
he went abroad
he is reckless
he is resting
eveyrone went to him
we knocked on them
they didnt make couscous today
you dont know how to buy
when you want to go take me with you
i like buying and selling
you will buy cheap pieaces
go to sellers
whats price of every piece
see what to win
i lost buying the goods
he is buying in market
they give small price
they are abuseers
give him
he asks to be 
look if the shop is full
the match is canceled
he went to mawsam
this person can go with him
they built in 
you can do what you want
i'm thankful
thank god
he is rich
its needless
he has big country
he is not faithful
if he has dirty money
god forbids
he has a price
the sheep has died
he wanted it to live
your father called you
you alobe
making a living
he worked at a kitchen
he peeled potato
he supports hsi parents
he hit him in his face
you work there
you work at a company
he wont get along
i bought it with him
i already informed you
you pay him food
he makes tanjia
do like parlamant
i'm coming from saudia
they still young
come dien with us
what are you having for diner
are you having diner
i came to a man
look for a good girl
she is too kind
i breasfeed her
i broight her kid
be responsible
see with you eyes
i need to walk
where do you live
the houses are available
i rent a place
its among peopleщ
it will help you
if she is available
no skills no money
i will go wander with motobike
i will find new place
i went with you
i dont like
this type
i will be with you
alright
dont be scared
do you go slowlyщ
just a bit
where to go 
you drive 
i will give you to drive
i will teach you
you will learn
i want a vehicule
i dont know yet
i confused
write in french
good for you man
just the places
where you work
you came back to house
i just entered
good jelaba
you prayd in Friday
i changed my clothes
i weared a foqya
god accepts
i will eat lunch now
good lunch
i want it 
what do you do
i'm alone
i will call you
you don't want to study
i just asked
its 3 days now
yesterday we went
I'm alone
two night
take us with you
give us a cup of tea
we took juice and soda
the dog were barking
when did you came
at 4 night
they came of bird
when we came alley is empty
just cats wandering
next time i go with you
you didnt close shop
thats why i'm late
i go with you
next time 
to go with us
be available
we will cal you
we find you not available
go to work
i will eat lunch and come
they make couscous Friday
not much resting
just a bit
thats remain
alright
in this good day
send me your account
see who you talk to
no one
one guy working with us
you are compulsive
go see a doct
you find
you accept passing the exam
what do you like
this model is very wanted
i knew it long before
they abused a mule
four people climbing on it
its horrible
how much remains
my head hurts me
we went to exercice
some moves
i will go to doctor tomorrow
i will feel myself
i feel dizzy
he gave me a med
how much examination
the weather is stagnated
he has bad qris
i visited a merson
he told me i have IBS
he gave me a syrops
a calming med
it made me dizzy
he told me to take 3 each day
it will cause diziness
to drive 
i went to it after 1month
i will give you another meds
to become better
this meds made me sleepy
junk food made you sick
dont eat outside
its not clean food
they make it spicy
eat house made food
your mother's food
taste it
bread with susages
i eat healthy food
you become elastic
whats you gonna do
if i was outside
hows your foot
he want to marry a girl
i will not accept
who will accept him
they are too many celebs
they will be accepted
they wil llive with them
between them
rent her a house
go leave me
boys are going
who want to go to him
stay with him
i will stay with my daughter
she boight a house
i go to cafe
if you were busy
its not a problem look for someone else
hamdolah good
and what about youщ
hey 
you are showing off
the match is live
god helps you
we want to work
always morocco
zagora cutie
are you available
its jam
not much
god helps you
miss you too
call you
no problem
you cant speak peacefully
until we speaks 
hey 
i miss you
god helps you
thank you 
until tomorrow
forget this talk
i want to know whats hapening
till Sunday
people are good
nothing happened
its old person
he wants to sell it
my father is available
i went to fields
i'm from sapce
make people happy
amen
who is she
who is he
who are them
i'm with you
thats too much
he told you yes
if you available come
they are the place
i'm at the cafe
go leave me
are you available for me
get married
mind your business
go be courage
you weird
you lame
you are
turn it down
your number
you sick
be restful
what do you need
why you sad
thank you man
we are done here
you are sick
we meet evening
what do you think
he is available yesterday
game of madrid
the weather is nice
i miss you
hakimi scored
you are true
good morning
good morning
good morning
you pretty
teacher is pretty
i'm fed up
tell him to go away
gimme a cafe
the wedding is available
the motobike is available
tell me something
its empty
if you pretty
why you complicated
always widad
why you dizzy
i'm at the cafй
i left in in market
yesterday we were at the house
thats it brother
you think too much
i told you already
hey cutie
just say it
god is great
who is this
eveyrhting is fine
there is some
the motobike is broken
what do I say
the meeting is tomorrow
the phone is broken
your number is not working
be a man
she is pretty
just marry
god help you
hard head
be humble
be ready
good help
come to the feast
i'm confused
tell me something
just something
he has his cousin
she returned this year
stubborn
look far
you are available
be good to everyone
you want to go 
dont send me
i'm available
you made me angry
call me
come for lunch
you got drunk yesterday
go see what to do
stay there
god helps you
he is coming
hows your routine going
we talked too mich
go abroad
do like the others
you went to casa
he is coming
he went
he came 
congrats
good eid
the health is not good
we rule this place
i'm at marjane
add me something
come with me
your neighbor is available
your vehicule is nice
good nice
you went to bath
tomorrow is eid
good eid
ramadan mubarak
say ba3
i scored 3 against him
the match is in 9ods
fb is working
you are scary
what time is now
the port is full
i'm at the cafe
how much you went
tell him he came
hey how are you
what do you want me to say
i just made this
the phone is broken
i'm good you
good eid
what is civi
come to casa
as you like
you are weolcomed
dont film
nice story
it happens
cv and you
good
green my friend
good erok
you got it now
i dont talk about it
there is nothing
good 
its nice
they arrived
i will be at home
she wants to marry
me and you
did you go
what about you
i will talk to you later
happy eid
come to casa
as you like
u put them in story
i dont send them
me and you
i will hit and come
her city is nice
our country is nice
be like him
dont say 
come to field
i look good
he wants me
you went to municpalityщ
what did you do
nice goods
like you see it with your eyes
he is a guy
you went to bar
i stopped addiction
always sports
be assured
have faith
i want to buy chicken
prepare people
earthquaq is scary
i went to marrakech
why are you yelling
those face
go join us
dont break my head
to go with us
call him like other people
bring my share
bring me my money
bring me with you
no money
she has hearth of stone
that night looks good
w rain yesterday
the bike is expensive
you bought it
why are you mad
why you listen to people
why yiou look 
money
just that time
why is this
halima and fatima available
i took a small taxi
we are having fun
me wuith her in taxi
i'm coming wait for me
5 mins and i be with you
i will be there
just wait big
you are sick
the box full of books
they told me he traveled
she went and left him
i have no problem just come
send me that
i'm not available
just be reassured
he is sick
just be good
no problem bro
he went next to us
i'm sad
whats happened cannot be undone
meat with peachs
wedding tomorrow
go to petrol station
bring car fast
why you late
are you good cousin
you want to drink
rink 
drinking is haram
he didn't wanna listen
he is sick
he told him to go away
zagora is hot
yesterday too much
we say the truth
be good 
bring the key
bring key 10
i changed cylinder
god help
be thankful
wait for him
everyone came
he is sick
wake up early
do sport at 6
i bought an expensive perfum
how to see you
when to do a plan
i'm tired
you did mza
he is on the mountain
i went to have fun
i miss people
you went next to me
just say hi
did you finish the movie
i'm in irak
talk without keeping quiet
i know everything 
i'm at the appartment
i did a side hussle
there is who talks
you went to mosque
i did a nice wedding
there is no good company
i will get bad karma
i sat at the cafe
come with us
he wont take the motobike
come they are here
reunion is near come
why you scared
tthe director signed 
fix your stuff
i sweared he wont come
the inspector told me its alraight
we met
we found 1000
the red bricks
he has truth
this is life
why you rushed
laugh to life
she loves youщ
you is mad about you
she likes you
family comes first
you are no good
the house looks big
he achieved his dream
he plays mza
he plays football well
he is a good midfielder
bono almost made a mistake
everyone is in Qatar
this is the bottle
give me drink
smoking first
the glass is full
bring a cig
the shop is far
come at night
the country side
i sat in the camp
if you want to come come
he got drunk
this generation is weird
he is weird
big hat
its outfashioned
eniough for me
i dont want nothing
i want rest
i want space
i went to medina
we have rain
dont say tfo
we studied this
look at the other page
he fixed your car
he bought what you need
once you want to go abroad
remember your mother
he bought his iphone dirt cheap
he has dates
the station has price
the sheep is expensive this eid
he wants to increase
he came at me
tomorrow or today
just a little bit and we wil lgo
my stomach will hurt
excercice by morning
wake up friend
just a bit remains
i fixed it
you gave your report yet
tell them right now
hopefully you are with them
if he goes there
he is in turkey
 i met him
i suffered
he is trying to find a living
he smokedtoo much
he slaped him
he throw him outside the clas
where is the shop
life is hard
he wants to go abroad
he is super unlucky
he saw her
he is worse
they died in the earthquak
he is in marrakech
he works in casa
i went on boraq
take his keys
the police took his id
poor people
they are sitting there
they work on houses
she is right
you did bad thing
who went with him
who brought him here
leave her
i saw you in the court
what do you do in the adminsiotraion
i'm tired
fuck off
he curesed him
he will take him
i met him in tangier
plant the trees
i'm restinf
they fixed the light
i passed an exam
just leave it be
the alley is full
the weather is messy
drink you coffee
he is at the butcher
the far are playing today
lets go to khenifra
rabat is not nice
believe in us
you need to be a soldier
take omar
bring me 12
are you online
just a message or call
you are painful
once i come lets settle it
i'm at the alley
are you wearing yellow
thats a nice shirt
send me 200dh
its market price
you went to market
come to the festival
is your sister in casa
i'm good hamdolah
sorry i'm tired
where are you at
i'm near the road
thats good
you know how much i have
i need to buy somethings
i swear
good helps
if feel dizzy
if its just tgis
plus many things
i'm sick 
i'm at my uncle funeral
my condelences
amen
the thing is super hard
i want to talk
give me your number
go study
what did you say
be leegit
tell me how much
price
leave me a marge
i left him a message
i saw nothing
i didnt forget you
just looking for a payment
you can bring it with mle
i respect your opinion
send me a copy
if they accept it
i will try to send this week
did they postpone
i will send it via motobike
just bring your ID
did you bring ID
i wrote it
send me your ID
dont send copy
is that my mom
my card
i didnt forget
just doesnt have time
they ill not accept
ok wait at the house
what did taoufik did
he did bad thing
is it his car
or what
call him in the morning
see if he comes
give him something
if you receive message
god helps you
see with him
if he sent 
if he will come early
he works in casa
why did you bring it
you didnt answer me
what did you change
i go on my feet
if that's possible
i might have a daughter
he is growing uo
are you at home
at a garage
i dont have it
i will search and tell you
i will go to it
look if it's there
he will be there
everything has its price
another time inchaelah
i will send it to you
send if from pc
at they garage
he told you
he told me his house
with someone tomorrow
rain all the day long
we worked at a station
did you play today
i'm speaking to him
the printer doesnt have ink
do you want to come evening
i want to send it to another boy
god help you
where are you at
i will put it till your dad comes at 8
i know where it is
is he now
i'm kalfor
give him 700dh
his number
hey man
will you come tomorrow
bring bread
my uncle came
i saw hair
pass a facture
until you come
whatever you want
i didnt do anything yet
i just woke up
i'm bit
you left money
thanks 
thank you
tell me and i will send it
see if you want soemthing
i have gmail
i dont know if he will go
send me a message
i already sent it
whats solution
charge it fast
i charged it 
thanks 
no problem
you have wifi
at the window
thanks uncle
ask him
prime is ending
what does he want
i have well
that what he said
go man
i want to go outside
to a shop
hey bro how you doing
we gather here 
hows it chose what you want
select the one you liked
i don't know what to say
the girl is married
today i will put an end to it
respect me please
you should invite people
first one came
second came
she is late
why did you not invite us
i was in a rush
people are busy
i'm going out
how was the wedding
you borrowed a suit
i borrowed it
they called me
i took my daughter to hospital
call him to home
i went to hospital
i went to radiologist
she prescribed meds
she has bones
is this normal ?
suggest a good doctor
i send my application
i want to have social securtiy
i submit sickness file
they paid me just a little
what to do to get accepted
is the adress valid
my sons have papers
i didnt give him money
i tried to ask but the confused me
i want 5000dh
i'm good 
he is professional
he lost his capital
we talk about beauty
he is 160
are you drawing
is there a pick up
how much is rent
is there a price
i want a thon
how much did you sell it today
how many box do you have
is there someone
i want to work at market
he sells veggies
he is popular
how many ton will you produce
my mom is fine
happy holidays
i dont shop
i rarely go in
hows with life
inchaelah
i dont want nothing
bring to you
bring me
be honest
hey dad 
how did you pass the eid
how are you doing with the heat
marakech is too hot
i'm at marjane hurry up
stay at the police station
she bites щe
you found your mood
god help you
i cook
we are at home
god helps you
how did you know
i'm going out
nothing to do here
how much time
i dont have time for this
i will not finish 
there is a feast
i will think about it
i will pray and help you
i'm at the alley
i was calling you
i dont want to annoy them
they were in a vehicule
she laughed at them
i dont wanna sell now
whats the problem
you don't feel mad
you dont respect
what are you doing
leave me alone
dont bother
turn off your phone
you changed
first time i see you
hey man
no3man is a champion
unlikely
i'm in a vacation
we will see ibrahim
until you finish your job
he told you to cal him
i work in the evening
i'm tired again
its the same
not your neighbor
you brother
you wanna fight
i will go from tv
you got drunk
of koban
he find it
i'm at the field
everything is available
i'm at hsini
thank you bro
are you home
is everything good
i'm at the city
where are you at
i'm going tomorrow
we wanna see you
hey man are you good
i didnt hear it
sure man
thank you bro
thank you dear man
thank you dear man
yes bro
show me
pl bro
send photos
hey bro are you good
thanks bro
did you bring it bro
i didnt get scared
gimme two breads
taxi us waiting
people coming from cafe
chicken is abundant
let me sleep
i want yoigurt
bring  extra one
bring him milk
he is thinking about future
we have a game tomorrow
dont be late
gimme my piece
i went to bank
brought veggies
work early
close water
phone broke
close the door and come
we sold
turn off tv
there too
put bicycle
we started
we went on bike
fine cake
eat bread
eat hot tonna
he wil lsell his pc
he didnt study
i will exercice and come
make tea
menth is low
he has bright light 
there is an accident
water is there
show me
i went to station
mind your business
why do you curse people
why do you curse in fb
she has a cat
a good feast
he sold he house cheap
go to class
there is too much wind
they won against us
they are hot
send in wafacash
they are not working
they lied to him
the blouser is red
she bought him a ring
we fought against them
he built a house
make us some nsos
stop talking
leave us alone
he want to do a wedding
there is still some goodness
just have fun
hot girls
god help them
i brake
we gave you time
i asked you this evening
and now what is this
god help you
turn with gytan
stop harassing her
pray for me
i passed the exam
he bought a new car
the doc has a surgery
i didnt understand
he will understand later
he will have an expernsive lesson
how are they
i will send you something
feel free
how much is 1kg of olives
he will scam him
you should look for papers
take a copy
he is not married 
he has a salary
not sufficient
bro i dont know
salary is not sufficient
they give 70% from salary
act like you dont know
they will charge you for air
who will build it
who has a question about security number
i wll answer you
how to do
how to take loan
how to know if you are sued
i will pass my regards
who can answer me
hey bro
how are you doing 
i want to ask you
is there a number
thank you 
what paper they ask
for who works in a company
how man days for vacation
is it 21 days or 1 month
i want to have another job
they can be submitted online
if you know tell me please
leave her celeb like this
i agree with you sis
look at this logic
he bring a wife and control her
women are perfect
able to work and provide
they should change rules
they should spend equally
half half
its demeaning for her
is shame
nothing at this time
they dont give compensation
can i subscribe here
i should go to the agency
is it true
the yreduced 
hey man
give us diner
dont make us mesirable
the shopper is weird
we should play a match this evening
i should shower with you
i will pray and call you back
the shopper hit me
lets buy a bike
we stayed without diner
should we watch madrid
you went to cow farm
who wants yoou
just provide for yourself
we are too muc hfor you
i wish you good
you will endure
its for free
the rules did me dirty
you will go mad with these people
give us a solution
probably
its good
you should have tiles
tiles with cement
so the tiles wont look bad
drop the form
its a bit extensive
not a lot 
this stair has too much cement
the tiles will broke
it cause a problem with time
thats why it cames with form
for the room is sufficient
good helps
go spend your money
if you built it
they will take it
its not good
do you want to carry tons
it will cause problems
you will mix it with milk
you will have form
good work
wait 2 min
why are you in a rush
slow down
i'm going now
you are my love
i will hide you from shop
is it this much
swear to god
if you saw him
i need you with me
me and my sis 
i'm goung to my frandma
are you serious
thank you so much
what do you have today
hey how are you
no much connection
I'm going to buy data
i changed my phone
i want to do a restuarant
how much wil lit cost
you make me mad
are you not coming back
you changed a lot
what has changed
dont be sad
he doesnt deserve it
i will change my life
you dont feel sleepy
no sick
what color do you have
too much needed
if you have a frigo
stock it
he increases the price
is the place vivid
does people want it
do you go to a place
do you have teaching staff
materials new or used
i want to do a project
is this project profitable
i want to buy a place
if you have an info tell me please
no one can advise you
they can advise me
or who buy goods
who has an idea
do you have an idea
pastery is a good project
where are we going today
market has everythuing
he sew by hands
he is professional
there are people working
this is where there is the old market
its close to the station
groceries full
its full
its imprtant
i want this car
its new
no one knows the price
how much is this
how much you say
those who brought
he adds water
where is the mop
market is empty today
go to  thrift shop
they are open today
see my brother
if he knows what to buy
its an authentic mark
there are there
return it
take to washer
it will become clean
how is work going on
thank god going well
there is no problem
i put it in pants
i came exhausted
i went to rest
see if the pants are fit
the pants are large
there is soap mark
the market is expensive
he went there
the new rules made marriage hard
its hard times
you told me that
i found it
take it from there
he wil lgive it to you
you should go this evening
he has it
wait till evening
i want you to carry
i'm with him from morning
he has hot sauce
i dont have it 
i went on motobike
im with him
i have a little
i went to riad
we played yesterday
rest assured
sleep on your ease
what do you wanna drink
there is no promotion this week
until morning
my phone is charging up
he came before
god help him
you heard what did minister said
the bus is abour to leave
i will go for now
did you came to the festival
last week he was there
tell him no 
i will play
thats enough for us
we rested for too much
me too guys
you apologize too much
how much now
i came to shower
i wil ldo manalk
good fit
hey bro
it will fit
you will suffer
i cooked it
i'm in a shitshow
last time
gimme a time
too much 
this is perfect
you talk about me
what have you decided
i left the plate over the table
until the evening
one place at your house
everyone is a robber
i will take holidays
i will have it
i wanna ask you
they abuse us
this is bad
cut your hair
gimme a hair cut
pc is broken
he blocked her
there are two
if someone wants it
add another 30 please
i went from work
he found an alternative
rent is too high
where did you go
i'm just resting for now
i will look for a solution
where to go
i went to all companies
look at a cafe
or a restaurant
just find something
look a company
you need an alternative
go when he says so
be patient
how much more
i'm tired
i'm fed up
gimme some space
you harmed me
i will curse you
you are a jinxer
gimme my money
or i will sue you
i will yell
thats enough for me
i was resting until you came
i shouldnt have answered you
i will sue you
i will enrage at you
you didnt wanna
i will finish
"i""m in mess"
i like sea
i can understand someone
wannna go at night
i can help you with this
this is too suggary
i will leave you
whats time now
this is here
you are pretty
i have a question
i wanna meet you
thanks bro
i need money
i'm good you N
ok thanks
i'm with you
thanks i dont know
i can speak i ndarija and french
the year is long
i passed too much time
"i'm with you, wanna trust me"
how did you do this
work  is hard here
how much 
there is enough time for wait
good thanks
is there a problem ?
how much you did here ?
i'm with you
how much do i have
correct
i have a job
thanks you swim ?
there is noise in library
i'm in country side
i need some money
hows weather there
why did nt you say the truth
can you speak calmly
nice to meet you
do u live here
i dont eat meat
i eat veggies
delicious food
one bottle of water please
when is dinner
is ther ehot water
i want a room
hot water
cold water
swimming is forbidden here
is this place manageable
how to balance your life
wearing a blue outfit
he catches fish 
can you search with me for a product
can you search with me for cleaninf prodcut
too much to select from
lets write ourself love letters
the training and preparation help
we waited for the oppenant
we should be commited
i need to try this
i heard they mix
they say he is good
rain is from film
dont understand
yesterday i drank tea without sugar
i bought a jelaba
i went to dentist for examination
they had a promotion
the tactics was good
sports give you confidence
how to improve yourself
what is best ingredient in salade
we need to watch a film from this list
i need to forward evenets
you noticed convo happens at night
i want dreams to turn to truth
can you see price of prodcut
can you see if this product available
can you see if this product available
can you play against this team
how to score penalities
late at Sunday
i played foot at the field
i boight a bottle of water
catch the thiefs
i got robbed yesterday
we visited my sick aunt
we visited my grandma in graves
a snake bites me
this heat you need air conditioner
this year materials is expensive
the situation is getting much worse
tomorrow we swim
tomoato are expensive
the price is good
the fans are abusing
many people died and police came
a band thief robbed
police catched a crmminal
next week we do a surgery
i want to become a doctor
i will never marry
i need a rock
he works and tire a lot
too many phones came 
do you remember we traveled to thos place
city is full
do yell at a thief
i want to finish my education
i well send my parents to haj
many players are favortire
i talk many languages
they told him you to do surgery
heart surgery is dificult
everyyear i buy new phone
next week we go north
i married a girl
do you want to wathch the game
the draught killed the agriculture
to becoma an athlete you need many years of practice
you need to be tough
i went to academy
i want to become football player
my father always yell at me
my mom always yell at me
he strike my eye
one day the coach saw me
he went back
he likes it now
i train every day
first salary i give t to dad
second one gave it to dad
i pray at time
i took a spot on the team
a friend gave me a smoke 
i cant stop smoking
just look at me
i just wanna talk to you
i really like you
i ask you but no answer
i call no response
a hard eartquak hit us
today the sea was in rage
too many years i save money
do ghir 
its good to wake up early
its bad
i went to mall bought eid clothes
wearing other peoples clothes
this rock feel off
this voyage is patient
hard times makes the person
you went back again
you dont know already
gimme a gift
please do you have love stories
do you have love stories
ah of course i will find it
thanks some much how much price
i wil lscan it quickly
the price is 8 dirhams
you did a felony
i want to go out from these mad people
i need to make id card
i went in voyage and they cought me
i want a bank account
i need a hair cut
i need to pay my water bill
bring me a paracetoml above tabkle
i needto catch a taxi
i have a reservation
mt dady came yestetday
an elecricity pill fell 
i will make a passport
i want to go to field
lets go outside
next year i will go to belgium
i'm close to house i feel dizzy
some good guys took me to house
i took a bank loan
i made money from site
its been a month i'm working
i work in ecommerce
i want to become a businessman
when i was a child i went to prison
i grow up still my
i go each day to buy goods
i go every Tuesday to get cheap goods
where is the WC
i went to spain illegaly
this is the car i want
its good you like it
whats the final price
same price as ever
the price is a bit hight
i will reduce 2 millions
make a good offer
sorry this is last price
do you agree or not
congrats your car is ready
do you have car assurance
i like this car
how do you like it
if you want a car take this one
i think its a good car
for the price lets do a loan
no problem sir
you knwo what i found a better car
yiou are free if you change your mind call me
i will buy a used car
show me the car please
you sir of course
the photo isnt clear show me a website full of cars
the car is too much worn
i cant come today
are you too sick
i had food poisoning
did you see doctor
sure he gave me meds
i will teach you
you will heal 
teacher call me parents please i'm sick
of course i will call them
i think i had sun strike
i think that too i wil lcall them
go to doctor and rest
hi please help me
yes surely 
gimme the analysis
you need to have diabetes analysis
sit there i will call you
prepare yourself
just be patients we wil lcall you
thanks take you analysis until tuesdat
my head hurts a lot
how much are you in pain
my whole life has been like this
is it just lately
yes but always stress
do you sleep well
only 4 hours
have you fallen of your head
last weejk i got hurt a bit
i will give you a scanner and call you back
why did you bring a plastic glass
you need to get a piss analysis
okay i will do it but why
to see if you have an infection
when are the results
after 4 days
what do you wanna eat this morning
cereals
you should eat well in the morning
what are you preparing for lunch
i dont kniow yet
i think pizza or sandwich
take what you want 
its better to go
we need a place pizza and sandwich
i'm thirsty u need to drink
i'm hungry lets go to this place
lets go to that restaurant i want a juice
ok nice i want a tajine
whats for diner tonight
nithing i'm tired
ok let's go eat outside darling
i wanna eat fish
lets go prepare yourself
what do you eat today
i think just a salade
good lets go to restaurant
ah god lets go today
i want a tajne
i need one kilo of meat
i will bring meat make a tajine please
""
""
what to say to taxi
tell him take you to market
have you taught when to go
i dont know 
llets see in website
what do you want for birthday
i want korean food
what do you please
i want paela and ornage juice
is there something else
no thanks
okay inchaelah
hows the coffee
lying is bad nothing to say
hows the food service
food is good
what did you demand
i took tiramisu
another restaurant cant waste time
what didnt you like
food plain servers arent polite
its just you are uliky
if you speak with him the fich isnt fresh
okay i wont eat there
hey please i want a room
gimme your number
how much price for one month 
cant say nothing
i want a room please
what do you want
there is cockroach
are you sure first time
thats what look like
ok i will send room service
come i wil lgive you another room
thank you
hey gimme a hotel
of course sir
when is the gym
it wont close
i will never smoke
are you alone
i will never drink
i read books
he scammed me
i have never done expertise
please gimme your adress
i dont have money
its your turn now
ive been searching for a job
do you remember you had blood pressure
we never drink soda at home
i waent at my mother to find me a bride
i made alot of money with my fiancee
we did a nice wedding
you try to satisfy them
i dont know to talk in arabic
i only know french and english
its been two years i study chinese
5 years i study spanish
i want to learn deutsch
you need some papers
i want to help you
i give off money to charity
this year i will fast
i suffered from surgery
lets go to cinema 
which film do you like
a horror film
lets go ahead
i want three ticket to the film
ok i will see if they are available
they are abailable
thanks the film is at 10pm
are the ticket successive
yes from 9th chair
how much is this medcin
tree times a day after each meal
as for third meds
next week i'm going to new york
do you have a meeting
i have an imprtant meeting
have you packed you clothes
i packed everything i'm waiing for my suitcase at the aeroport
i have it be patient a bit
papers please
there you go
why you coming to new york
i'm coming for work
how much you will stay here
i will stay one week
after one week take hotel and take the bus then take the taxi
they cancels the voyages
the plane had to do a modifciation
there was preoblem at the aeroport
first time on a plane i'm scared
departure for two peple
i hope you safe travel
aeroport is full
gimme olives
sorry not enough olives
last time you speal
new tjhis one try it
its easy and delicious
handicaped society
why do we ned to dress like this
all problem because of publicity
i dont mind my look
i didnt my look
social media make it important
depression is becoming more popualr
many peopke say ilness are increasing
if they did yoga or read quran
too many crimes in this city
because police are not efficient
he does tatto 
depression should be adressed
everyone like to take selfies
i have broken my teeth
you gave me siomething hard
i just broke them
are they broken
i cant tell you
the doctor did nothing
open you mouth
3 tooth got broken
we need a scan to see if
 i will do a teeth scaner
did i hurt you
take your time
 i will give yu meds to treat infection
lets see when to change teeth
why you angry
i feel good
ease up
i want to meet this girl i like her
dont be shy go meet her
dont waste this opportunity
okay i'm going
i want to help
i will just see i wont buy
if you want somehing i can help
what do you think about it
its good how much price
i will ask the cashier
how much is this jean
ok wait just a minute
the price is reduce because of the special offer
can i try them
thanks a bujnch
this jean is large
baby i'm close
i will be late
you cant be at time
you can bring them
when preciselt
when she blocked you
i worked a bit on cimputer
you slept well madam
i cant sleep in the office
i washed my clothes and cleaned my utensiles
what wil you do in diner
the chicken will be ready
i miss him 
i love you my boy
inchaealah goodbye
what will you study
remeber when i told you about publicity
go study in canada
thats what i heard 
my friend told me its bellow 50 degree
i will do sport 
breakfast is the most imortant meal
swimming in sea better than pool
akcohol is forbidden
tv is see abuse
dogs are better than cats
summer is best season
how you doung
thanks so much
is there someone in the city
no there isnt
excuse me i dont understand
i have one question
i will tell you soemthing
i always tell you you are lame
i wanna go to school
i wanna know where is the taxi
i was roasting
i harmed myself
is there doctor
can you give me passcode
dont forget 
whats in the menu
what did you write
i want to add another day
i need to go
are you addicted to coffee
i just bought it
you need to come
i will not come
i need to come
i was in a rush
i will go work abroad
abroad they pay better
there is too much racism there
i will buy a toy there
i bought a dress 
i give my mom half my salary
the other half i gave it to charity
where were you
we didnt find a job
i'm good and you
i wanna speak to you abiout a problem
do you rememer our traveling plan
yes i do we need to travel
i'm looking i find a better place
tell me is it far
not a lot
when do you want to do it
next month
we need spare time
my work schedule is messed up
i want to take holiday
take your time
but answer me quickly
yes surely
the weather is not hot nor cold
when will we sit
i found good places
money is enough
good news in chaelah
lets go to country side
we will enjoy our vacatuon
i'm too sick man
i went to this parti
my friend stole and got caught
i take water and dates in ramadan
i cant not drink tea
my grandma made me harira
i made pancakes
pancakes should be well made
i need chebakya in ramadan
i need to eat selou in ramadan
saha ftourk
happy holidays
happy eid
what do you desire this year
i want to make my parents happy
i want to succeed my education
i want to find job
what did you eat in lunch
i need to eat couscos in Friday
i like tajine of chicken
i wait for you 
i want to get off my loan
i want to hear a nice word
i only see good deeds
be honest
this is not a game
i gave you too much time
only if i'm alone
too many people have cheated on me
i had too many friends
dont change to please someone
she was yelling too much
you need to drink too much water
how was your eid
it went good
my mother went to hamam
how mich you live in paris
you will meet your parents
you need to get tested for covid
take your kid to doctor
do the analysis
go clean in the bath
dont go to the hot bath
my car is broken
i cant sleep
too much clouds
i came back found too much dust
we did hard work
i did too much errand
i cant eat icecreams
i m bored going outside
you cant find empty beaches
studying is near
one year and i have bac
finaly we will not see tourist
i'm sweating too much
too many people cheated on the exam
are you afraid to be in love
my grandma fell in the stairs
the police found my phone
they stole my clothes
the cut my clothes
i wake up early
i asked forgivne after i tackled a player
i cried when the dog died
when i was asleep someoe opened the door
when i was outside someone followed me
i hshould buy eid
i regret taking this job
they scammed me
i played all day long
he doesnt want to confess
i need to pay my taxes
go brush your hair
we cried to much
the boss suggested i do extra hours
its been one year after graduation
i cried too much over my mother's death
i forgot my phone code
i forced my mother to go to doctor
how do you dare coming near
who are you to force me
my aunt has a new baby
they stole yesterday
everyone has a special number
bring your food along
dont eat while you talk
when need to increase pay
bring me back my money
count how many meters
i will go buy materials
i will buy groceries for guests
i need data
i want a cup of tea
i need to buy figs
this year sheeps are expensive
i  dont wanna do diet
i will go to hot bath
i rather go in taxi
i miss the days
i will go see my grandad
i will buy my grandma some birds
the tv is broken
i need to bring water
the insects are too much this summer
i wish we eat cold watermelon
i want to go to spain
i need to wake up early 
best thing in summer is staying up
i want to live near the beach
i need to change my glasses
close your eyes ramdan come
traffic jam everywhere
there is no mobile data
eveything is expensive
everything husrt with heat
i dont sleep in summer
my neighbor sleep at night
my mother made salty food
they cut off electricity
everything broke down
the food got spoiled
everyday i wash utensils
believe in god
lend your other house
you watch too much
they told about people and gossip
drop the thrash please
take money from your sister
peopel are too lusy to make manoy
i doubt my hasband
he is cheating on me
cut the meat please
we talk later
why dont you eat
mind your business
yesterday i broke
whats your nationality
what do you do here
i will travel
do you know any good place to eat
in need connection
its late now
there is a shop next 
im tired
i have my clothes at
i want to fix my shirt
whats your grade
you need to repaint it
i'm invited to a wedding
my week is full
who is free now
this Sunday i will visite my fam
listen here
how much money you need
i have toothache
He works diligently
i will buy new clothes
if only i stayed at home
i just cut my hair
this pasta is bad
i dont eat home food
next time listen
this table is broken
i didnt hear you well
can you repeat please
you speak too much
you hurt my head
i like this shirt color
from when you wait
sorry i'm late
the tire got broken
when you meet with us
a bit and i will go 
these boys make too much noise
if only you made him sleep
tomorrow at morning i will go
i'm late
can you take me with you
this package is too heavy
i will do groceries
can you fo outside this evening
seven years and i play tennis
i want to play golf
my charger is broken
my plate broken
my cat died
i found a rat in my house
my sandale broke down
my spardile hurt me
i need to buy new sockets
if only you told me before
time isnt sufficient
this taxi is heavy
i want to sell my car
are there any guests coming this evening
my brother changed school
my throat is dry
I live in morocco
I live in brazil
I live in Deustch
I live in new zeland
I live in australia
I live in turkey
I live in turkey
I live in kazakhistan
I live in spain
I live in algeria
I live in Tunisia
I live in libya
I live in madagascar
I live in mali
I live in congo 
I live in honduras
I live in benin
I live in urugway
I live in senegal
I live in danemark
I live in suede
I live in France
I live in italya
I live in argentina
I live in ecuador
my birds have died
tomorrow I'm invited for diner
my hair is turning white
white light of car 
too much guests are exhausting
i dont eat by night its not healthy
the house became dirty
i always throw my phone aside
phone is destorying lives
no one reads book anymore
i bought nuts for festival
i need sheets for my saloon
i went to buy new sheets
i will go to the carptender
i need to go to the seamstress
i'm waiting at the police station
my fingerprints are dirty
the police called me because they are suspecious of me
i need to cut my hair
i like to dye my hair
this hairdresser talks too much
wifi connection is weak
i need to speak to inwi
they dont respond
we need to change it to orange
i spilled the juice on my carpet
go clean the carpet now
its too heavy for my back
the market is full
everyone buys now
this year fruit is abundant
i need to redo my kitchen
my drawars are looking nice
i need a new fridge
i have this fridge for a long time
i bought news paper
i boight cleaning product
the washing machine is no good
fasting two months is  hard
this girl sleeps too much
i want to refurnish my house
we bought a ballon collectively
a guy exploided our ballon with his car
we yelled and he bought us a new one
i made batbout
evening i mad soupe
i love kitchen soo much
i will go buy fish
i make coffee at house
i went to library to buy new bag
i want a chamali breakfast
my kids love to eat outside
my young boy listen to talk
my older daughter speaks too much
my husband is abusive
i need to make my nails
3 months now i'm looking for rent
i know no one in this city
this train makes so much noise
wanan drink something
i want a cold cola
gimme me the pay please
are there dogs here
is the road hard for me
can you go with me
can i photoshoot
i need to drink enoigh water
where is the market please
do you have tea
do you have coffee
do you have merindina
how much is this bag
how much is this book
gimme one kilo of carrots
one killo of almonds
one quarter of olives
gimme three quarters banane
this is expensive
reduce price please
this pants doesnt fit
i need to buy timbers
i'm going to administration
i need to get some papers
my parents will send me money
i wend to wash shop found it close
i need to get some boxes
i don't have mobile data
give me change please
i will get match ticket
the tickets are sold
i found illegal tickets
they stopped me from entering
the vibe is so good
the vibe is so good
i hope my team wins
today is derby
it will be messy
i fought my friend
where this bus is going
which direction is the tram going
half hour i'm waiting
taxis are not working today
the alleys are empty
the alleys are full
there is new goods
where is the sation please
they are renovating the station
two months they are closing the field
its messy in this match
my stomach hurts
i got intoxicated
i wend to the pharmacie
i ate spoiled yogurt
where is the hospital please
i need to see a nurse please
what do you feel ?
what hurts you ?
are you okay ?
you need an urgent surgery
the analysis are good
we found diabetes
we found blood pressure
low blood pressure
you need rest
you need to buy meds
you need to see a doctor
how much are you drinking this meds
when did you start this meds
have you got examinated before
do you have other papers
you didn't do radio last time
analysis have not yet came
we will do a radio for stomach
radio for chest
we found polluted lungs
we will get you a shot
we have found gaz
you should not drink soda
i went to sew found it close
i bought a new jelaba
jelaba is wide
i went to return it
i went to buy wedding gift
i bought a gift
we danced on the wedding
we stayed over until morning
we slept all the day
i gave my cousin gift
we bought new car
the bus engine is noisy
i went to a scammer machinist
the car consume too much diesel
i need to buy new phone
my old pc is slow
i hug my toy 
i need to buy a burkini
i need to see a doctor
i called but they gave me a late RDV
and surely i cant stay like this
i dont want no lazy doctor
my sister worked this whole holiday
my sister makes chaines
gold is too expensive
wedding gifts requires too much money
the air conditionner doesnt work
i need new sockets
i had hives after eating fish
i have allergy
my skin became bloody
i made an app
you need to consult for your education
i made you this gift
i just wanted to help
this med is natural
i forgot this
how much time will it take
wash you hands before eatring
how long you are not working
her hasband dont want her to work
i dont smel lwell after covid
my throat hurts
its been so long i'm looking for you
i feel like i already know you
everything is all set
you need to do a diet
you need to walk a bit
you need to fix you hand
i need sockets
i found it in front of me
i have fever
its been one week he has cold
i vomited three times
my cousin has a hearth attack
the disease is spreading
whats your name sir
why did you come 
why did you come 
whats the problem
you have other sickness
you drink meds
do you have similar sickness
you have diabetes
you had a surgery
you smoke
yo udrink
you do drugs
you got pregnant
you had an abortion
you take herbs
you fix your teeth in market
you have dogs
lean here to examinate you
lean here to examinate you
i will fix you teeth
dont take more tahn two pieces a day
do you have a garden
why are you seeding
where do you get your plants
how much do you water your plants
planting didnt succeed
whole day i'm working
we went to cattle shop
the eid is approaching
i found chicken
i will go to the farm
how much cost this material
one year they started construction
i prefer old construction
too many houses have demolished
you are the last expected person
i don't know what to do
why dont you lsiten to your parents
be good to your parents
i wont be late
i have good news for you
see what we have here
sorry i interrupted
do you wait someone
tell em about yourself
have you ever married
have you fianned
have you had previous child
have you been fiannced
i'm tired from you
this is a big day
come without invitation
you are very welcomed
come whenever you want
hows you house
i'm good
ask your parents
what do you think to do in future
how many brothers do you have
how much time will you be here
come another time
when you want to have babies
when do you plan to build your house
dont leave your kids heritage
what does it mean in english
call emergency he is dying
wear white to pay respect for your dead husband
i need to study thirteen for a contest
i study morning and night
this is weird
dont be silly
dont be childhsih
i always study extra hours
my school call my parents 
i dont care about people talk
i talk to you
mind your business
i played console 1 hour
i feel pessimist at nightt
i cant sleep at nighr
this house is pessimist
i cant carry 
my blood pressure
i ate it all
what do you want me to do
why do you show off
we will go to your restaurant
dont laugh pay your respects
i dont buy friend food
the neighborhod security is always sleeping
i always fight the boys in my beigbor
a bum fough a cop
there is no problem
can you talk as well
be a man 
he is a child playing with the curtain
the car scratched me
i went to play with young dogs
dont eat eggs
lets eat at the beach
i know a cafe 
i miss rfissa
to bhe honest i want to get good grade
my young sis is pretty
this baby is pretty
you look pale and tired
this long lady is a model
respect the guests
everyone is respectful with her
He works diligently
she loves young ladies
she buys gift
dont behave well
this boy is too lazy
i'm angry for the mistake i did
she was dead scared
i'm scared to go on the bus
i was scared
she doesnt like her height
he drives fast
i met a guy who lives in the streets
the news were important
that's my telephone
you should take my consent first
this musuem has all the infos
i found a plate
this takchita is white
this apple is delicious
the raisins are delicious
this melon is hard
this watermelon has many seeds
i dont save much money
i dont have enough money to buy
i dropped 200 dirhams
my dog has blue eyes
this cat has soft hair
i took my dog to doctor
i shaved my dog
this night i have an important meeting
my car is wide
i forgot the helmet
this singer went viral
the class is empty today
my brother is longer than mom
my sister is muscular
i dont like green apple
we tried new food
no one looks like her
i found a ballon
this cat doesnt have hair
we should eat veggies each day
i need to buy milk
i dont have etea
i dont like khli3
i dont like couscous
this week ive been eating outside
this cafe is smoke free
which one is your bag
i have cockroach
the flies are too much
i bought my friend a golden bracelet
my husband loves me
i dont let my husband do something else
he cant go outside
when he enters i smell him
i search his phone
he complaisn too much
i regret marrying him
if i went back i wouldnt marry him
he isnt good person
he isnt good person
football is poor in morocco
i want to save a lot of money
i will buy toys  for them
i will give my money to charity
i wil lgive my money to charity
i have a frog 
i have a palm  i broke
this field is good
i mad a swinger in garden
i have cattle in farm
i sell cattles
i make a lot of money
i export veggies
dont put your hand in holes
eat peaches its good
mind your business
if you are scared keep it down
he tried to fix it but broke it
if you dont have money no one will care
fight off you stupids
unsee what you saw
you can feel others people pain
you are unpolite and uneducated
all these bags are similar
all guys look alike
everyone has same haircut
everyone wear same thing
the temperatuer is 40
ifran is a cold city
everyone went to the same city
the road is jammed
at night there are accidents
this red light doesnt wanna get fixed
this place is accidental
if everyone respected drive rules
its been a year i have driving permit
u dont feel like driving
too many roads should be fixed
they built  a new mall here
they have  a messed up place
the lights are off in this place
they built a new restaurant here
we need to try this new restaurant
what veg you dont eat
what fruit you dont eat
you have gluten allergy
a mosquoto bites me
i need to buy hives cream
we talked about insect
i liked this gandora
this dress will look good
i made this chain
how do yo ufind my bracelet
is this red house yours
they built many new houses
is there a secrutiy here
they stole his car 
they stroke her
my sister is a teacher
she found a job in this school
our work pay well
you should read well for the exam
eveyrone scared from bac
everyone has exam this period
she wore a nice dress
what have you broken
i broke three plates
i burned the munch
i burn the diner
canada is no good
we need to grow the garden
we need more animals
smart people succeed in life
this film is useful
this film is boring
this film is helarious
this film is sad
this film is mad
the baby is sleeping
i need to buy math book
this player is fast 
this player is skiw
this player is promising
my favorite player has retired
my grandpa doesnt talk much
my uncle started new project
this shop they changed the decor
this restaurant they increased the prices
this weekend i revised
this philosophe won noble prize
the food in this restaurant is dull
its hard to understand this lady
our country has nice places
this place is dirty
everyone could be in need
lets show you my uncle house
its useless to elevate other people chuldren
when i need you i didnt find you
who told you to do it
they sacruifice you to learn
this requires too much thinking
two mad people got married and everyone lived 
if you hang with children you become like them
they appreciated him way too much
they waste money puposefully
you should endure to be rewarded
we waited good from uou
know your worth
the bride isnt worth it
try to learn
who would mind
this is why you dont trust people
water is precious
work hard
the neighbor are more important than the house
id rather be with them
ask who tried not the doc
i only touch myself
he told him now
he gossips
apperances could be folish
the habbit becomes you
he doesnt know himself
help people
if you see her happy make her happier
i cant bear this
the pain is unsurmontable
bread eat it
its imperative 
live with what you have
you should not be scared
an insect is
if you set a trap you fell for it
you went back to your filthy habbits
they dont know how to wear
you get paid what you seserve
life is unpredictible
live gives and take
he is out of control
khli3 is a must
the big house is useless
continuety is important
life is unpredictible
pretty by actions
pretty by actions
her face is mesirable
if you want henna bear it
remember your friend
dont fall for it
be conscient before you marry
look for essentials first
this is important
my master is sick
tajine is not edible
eat steel
learn you parents skills
close the windows
i have ill intent
you need to say like that
we will see you 
you wanna eat
what do yo uwanna drink
crying over the dead
its not the same
he didnt get enough
he is more than capable
its give him 
close you mouth
i try alone
you see me
you didnt see what happened
i cant forget her
he is being bad with me
he keeps cursing at me
everyone yells
take your car to the machinist
what are you saying
take some documents
join my name for id
i hate my noisy neighbor
calm down a bit
i guarantee it
buy a car at rest
god heal you
the doctor didnt examinate me well
he does sky but he fell
dont think too much
go congrratulate you cousin for getting the bac
fend of against him
i bought fries
i'm too late 
i sent you a paper to sign
my legs are hurting me
i decided to live abroad
i asked to be assessed by nurse
sleep you are sick son
i told him i go to doctor
i broke up with her
i decided to stay in morocco
i drove too well 
i yelled too high
i cried
i counted hom much money
i met a nice girl
i started a project
come back to the store
i partied last night
i burned sacred words
clean the floor
hurry up friend
what you have is sufficient
he saw me suffering
i will call the police
wait lets go watch in cafe
i always need your prayers mom
a girl is always going in and out
fo it a bit
drink water well
enter dont be shy
just listen to me bro
he will explain to me
listen carefully
yesterday i saw a good girl
this shoe is dirty
i ate a delicious kouskous
the whole day i'm going in and out of the stairs
please go take my delivery
wear well rain is coming
i always sneak on the bus
the dealer brought me a good car
but he is a scammer
but i negotiated with him
write off this number
write off this number
look what did bought
i'm tired this day
laugh well
my father worked yerstedayщ
call the lab maybe the results are ready
feel me a bit
i will make chains and sell them
the police knew who was the scammer
i told the bank to make me an account
study well its imprtant
hung the phone
talk to your daughter
sit lets talk
i'm sick and he yell at me
go play man
i lost 10 dirhams
you need to teach you kid how to cross roa
i found my car brojen
i heard some noise 
a drunk guy stroke my friend
they took goods to prison
today they  wil lsentence him
god help us
i will go roof
today is tawaf 
i will go to haj next year
my friend you are too rude
my friend you are too rude
take of this 
dont burp too hard
yesterday i fought off
we hit him the drunk
he filled my ice creams
you should help me in eid
dont yell at your parents
he has severe cancer
something death is a bliss
they cursed him for messing a penalty
he threw his kids from wndows
push the door
push the button
i came yesterday
lets go outside
you need a good grade this year
please help me gather this
the bird escaped the cage
i always count on you
i counted on you 
i waiting for approval
i hate hard wor
i'm confused to marry
i wat a eid money
my mother wont give me kids
he is a bit crazy dont mind him
let me present myself first
its been two years training
guess what my grade
i borrow a lot of money
my father told me to buy food
i hide my first salary from my aprents
say the trust
i'm waiting for my lawyer
count how many gram 
i want to fast but i'm sick
i went to administration thats why i didnt came
defend yourself
rest a bit
the jusge sentenced the criminal
i sa a marathon
i will wash my clothes by hands
have you noticed recently too many crimes
jump font be afraid
i will hit him today
from before he is making me sad
i woke up
help the guy gather thrash
the teacher asked me where my parent work
my mother forgave me
waking early is priceless
i will solve the problem
you should adhere to the contract
its been 6 month now
dont lose and be sore 
suggest a solution please
lets celebrate new year
why do you spend so much
why do you spend so much
dont desire death
i hate complaining
catch the thief
i accelerated and catched him
we went yesterday to beach
stop the contract  with this man
stop writing 
dont mix things up
dont look at it like that
dont work young boys
he kissed his kid
breath slowly
its too late now
half the month have passed
the prayer of mosquet is pretty
when we go cemetry
respect old people
dont hide food
swear to god
dont dream too much
dont race this boy
the race is slow
he blocked me
i perserve the gift i receive
xarry this with you
return to the perfum maker
i dropped my phone in the sea
describe the girl you want to marry
translate this in chinese
i need to learn chinese
i promised you to buy you a bike
search well for a phone
the shop close late at summer
stop rest a bit
yesterday i gave off my payment
he doesnt shut up with his mouth
my friend each day he complains
he has robbed me
if only i failed the year
when you sneeze put you hand on your mouth
if you cough put your hand
 i will ask the teacher to postpone
we exhange shirts
we bought shirts
go give off your blood
avoid corruption
god helps you
i will avenge my wife death
you should join the school
leae your phone at the house
give me important info
dont you wanna take breakfast
this contract ensure i get car service
dont stay waiting
you are no longer my brother
turn off your face
let him suffer
go heal up
stay up you have scoliose
the country is improving
go rest a bit
i agreed with him
he brought me a broker
two years i didnt see him
he wasted his time
reduce suggar
i need to buy pc next year
i built a villa for 50 millions
treat me well
this broken car has no value
i will draw the deck
please watch iover my kid
join me for it
i argued with him aout mobey
he is too cheap
this year they eat is between them
dont bother i'm good for now
close your mouth dont annoy me
help me i'm too sick
does this dress fit 
hung this jacket please
you need to get along in your new school
you need to get along in your new school
i prefer to rest in mountain
be afraid
do your job i pay you
too much uneducation
dont promote alchohol brands
i extended the contract to 2025
the wife aboreted the baby
tell the police you got robbed
i spilled milk in the stove
do your exercices
i like people who do charity
i signed contract and regretted it
dont compare your kids
go explore life spend money
enjoy your life and your money
he knew i lied
i gave him money to clean my phone
how many kilos of bananas in the bag
fo what you have
you are annoying
he yells a lot
who are you to use me
they split the heritage
he found fund raising
i tried to endure but i reached the limits
believe in gof
after he was innocent
order me
he was on the stairs
yesterday insects attacked farmers
do you want me to tell you what to do
gimme back my money
he has four houses
he rents tree of them
the seamless made me two dresses
send me money in the bank
charge my phone please
he is always mad
he wakes up angry
please watch over my shop
my brain is frozen
excuse him please he has too many problems
whats your name sir
from the morning he is angry
my phone is brojen
i will fix my car paint
its been two years he build a villa
convince the kid to go to school
eat good food
consult me for your decision
i dont think we will win world cup
pour me a glass of soda
its been a year he won retirement
a bum hit me in the face
if you want something iem available
i need to enter this school
tie you shoes
give yourself some time
you need to be attentive to your health
print me 5 copies of this
gimme this toy
correct my mistakes
hurry up friend
ties of your dog
i ve been waitng to go outside
market has fire yestreday
you got along fairly quick
who told you I agree
you are a liar
thanks you initiviely
i will go swing a bit
clean your glasses
clean your clothes
clean your dusty house
bring me oranges please
i will get some menth
my rabbit ran off
a cat ate all the bird i had
weight chariha please
organize your time
the shop increased pric
wash off your clothes
reduce meat intake
i will hit him someday
rest everything will be ok
i will melt chocolat to be ready
go rest a bit
young boy swallowed a key and died
let him with his mother
my eye has tears
underliene all the words
stop playing go read
mop the floor
be responsible for your speed
wait for me please
i resigned when he grabbed the knife
i fought the thief but he robebd me 
a crime band stole the mall
next week prices of veggies will drop
its been one month i ask him
i will help off my grandpa
a week i've been working
its call for pray
we will pray first lines
i read all quran
i deleted all messages
the teacher read the lesson
morocco imprt petrol
i'm underneat water
he always criticize
eveyrthing he vote for someone
all day he thinks
be fair to your kids
this ice cream has melted
a cop arrested me when i accelerated
go congrratulate you cousin for getting the bac
always take me 
go select a good sheep
i argue with the boss and  i gave him my demission
this gas has choke me
i started eating tajine
dont falsify quran
revise your lessson exam is close
he aim at me with a rock
go apply this crema
the exam got leaked
the court has called me
go stock the food
peel this orange for me please
the teacher gave me a good grade
i wake up at fajr
i couldnt take breajfast
my car is broken
i need a car part
i found it with a great effort
sit down dont be annoying
with hard effort i fixed my car
i went to fix my car doesnt start
i found the problem in the battery
i went to look for clothes
i need to hit the road early in the morning
i wont repeat my words
go shave to go bath
go pack travel 
i went to the pharmacy to buy meds
dont bother yourself just relax
tomorrow the problem will be fixed
the car has fixed
dont fcheat
we slept a little bit early
make yourself happy
my phone is off
the education make you understand
the education grow you up
science elevate you
education gives you social status
science makes you see thing
education make you grow up
they dont know 
coffee has taken me out
i will buy beach chair
go fix your table
i broke a glass
i need to drink two litter s of water
i gather all the bottles
i want to buy a house
i was living with my parents in kitchen
my parents enlisted me in new school
i take breakfast for free
i broke an apple tree
we rented an appartment in beach
stop sleeping
next weekyou will give birth
i told my faher to buy me a bike
always cross the road easily
they demolished the whole neighbor
its been a year i finished studying
i will buy a new bed
take of this dirty habbit
the voting is near
his highness will have a speech
they fired the minister
every new company takes funding
i will buy food for my grandpa
there has been a war between russia and ukrania
my grandpa has a riffle
i will buy a new desk
there isnt much transaction in eid
there is rivalrty between us and china
i will teach arabic
they refused my visa
i need some plates
they broke my plates
we will die eventually
i have a bad feeling
buy me ballons for my birthday
i need a box
you are a muslim
i will fix a table
i care for you
the start is hard
he human trafics
i need to fix my mbrella
my grandpa is wise
i lost my house keys
i went to fix the door
i need to follow dring rules
its dangerous to not 
do medcin
a big truck hit a boy
i need double the money
i need to build the house
i need good sheets for house
i need curtain for saloon
i bought new light pulp
i light a candle
i need a hair brusj
go buy toilete paper
change the towel
gimme the ammer
these bumps are dangerous
market is full
there is too much thrash
too much terror after cop killed
they took m ydriving license
hospital visit is only available at the evenining
gimme a new strategy
how many died in the earthquake
they call me terrorist
we have a bad metality
our reputation is reduced
thiefs are growing numbered
today is his sentence
do your errands fast to rest
who fight in saoudia
no one think about me
you have no decency
there is too much racism abroad
too much suicide cases 
god help us
help me in my errand please
i'm working from before
we bought a house in summer
we have customers recently
they told me i should have a brain surgery
i have never entered a churche
i will enjoy life after death
we have too much taxes
i have an idea about a project
they are building a house
i need to see how much she has
I ran out of patience
we have the team annaouncement
today the sun is too hot
what are you doing
i study in France
how many sisters and brothers you have
one sister one brother
me alone 
i dont know
he doesnt believe you
its not my cup
dont forget to answer
are you fooling me
the remaining days are scarce
do an investment liek this
speak in a respectful manner
he made me happy
i will go to this place
i need blood
he has to do a good prgram
they hired me in a company
but i dont want its corrupted
players exhanged the shirts after the match
studying is essentiel
why are you angry
he is rude
my cousin is alcpoholic
my classmate is stupid
my classmate is stupid
my classmate is stupid
my hand is broken
my dad is bald
the vacation is boring
you became too thin
you became too fat
i want to marry a fat girl
i will buy an aold phone
the way you talk is hard
you are too happy today 
i'm proud of you son
i'm proud of you daughter
i'm proud of you son
i'm proud of you daughter
i'm proud of you son
i'm proud of you daughter
why you depressed did you broke up
why are you depressed did you broke up
i was silly 
i was silly 
they told my lies
i was ashamed yesterday
i live alone for a long time
why are you not organized
you choked me with the news yesterday
you should have told me in another way
dont be too greedy
i'm proud of you son
call police
help me
where is aeroport
our project succeed
you need to be conscient
the meds should be effective
you need to be independant
buy traditional clothes
i will eat western food
the engien shouldnt overheat
i need a clear futur
morocco doesnt have nuclear power
this work isnt efficient
i miss home food
i need to buy fresh veggies
i forgot to listen to him
the whole thing is a gimmick
too much illeterature 
bting an oriental meal
my neck hurts from work
pay attention he is a scammer
he talks nonesense
will he not die yet
these people are not well behaved
your decision is between your hands
prioritize your education
i need a temporary solution
the amical match has ended
he work silently
he has a huge improvement
he is strict
i will buy honey
i need olive oil
the geneveryone is sick
they eat outside
as for old gen everyone was fit
they walked and ate
life is shortening
god save us and our kids
what do you think about wife 
these people are not coscient
women have good status
first women has value 
second women elevate kids
and work outisde
last she pass 9 months pregnancy
sickness is spread
too many scamers
hard to meet faithful people
believe in yourself
they brought my grandpa to a good clinicщ
leave me alone
sleep on your face
i usedto drop money
dont forget to take this to bath
this boy looks nice
Dude i'm in love with a girl
this food is bitter
we did a mock test
we did a collective breakfast
when you die you go to the creator
this is not for me
be humble so god helps
be humble so god helps
this contract is a winning one
this is what i wanted exactly
this dude is reliable
i dont have capital
i need to pay my bills
every week i need money
my kids study well
this cut hurts
dont bother
the teacher will coem to help us
we tied the sheep
we went to a luxurious restaurant
there is a huge improvement
this food is disgusting
this jelaba is  important
why are you mad
i took one month of vacation
i bought a new dress cheap
i had the highiest score 
i had the highiest score 
he had the highest mark
he had the highest mark
we need an attacker
i was walking and i found 200dh
he has chosen god path
my dad stopped smoking and drinking
i stopped working at night
this dude is mad
he will have consequences
dont think foolishly
dont act liek a man
you have talent
dont throw leftovers
this boy looks nice
i made pasta
i made a mixture for my hair
i made liver 
i boght chicken
i bought fish these days
they catched the thief
they catched the thief
they catched the thief
I tarnished my clothes with bleach
i was fasting and drank water accidently
i have low blood pressure
i went to run
i fixed my car
i'm confused these days
i examined my eyes
my wife is jealous
i like raisin
i cleaned my house with bleach
i wentto bath
you are weird bro
i signed a contract
i went to exercice early this morning
i took my dog to walk 
i found my stuff broken when i went back
my bro took a charger
thats why i'm poor
you are right
your shirt is wet
i like cats ever sincechildhood
i bought a bottle of steel
i have a list of people to call
i need to start from beining
i will join you
i added your name to the list
you should come back again
what you say is pointless
i'm afraid from thunder
i went bald
i wanna play
i need to prepare for this day
he likes to party
why didn't you call the police
please leave me alone
please leave me alone
we met many times
i'm fed up with you
i wont go outside my home next two days
does this doctor speaks too much
he speaks too much
i have headache
learn to forgive
its good to be confident
sun is hot
i need to buy a hat
i need to buy sun screen
i have sun allergy
i chose this
no one made me
be responsible
dont leave your mistakes
this cat is silly
this dog doesnt wanna eat
this dog doesnt wanna eat
this is nothing
people have more problems than you
i cant cook anything
fridge is empty
i can make my own decisions
i dont need help from anyone
you can go if you want
there is not much to do
ik will continue this by myself
i still have work
someone give charity 
this person built a mosquet
a woman give all his money to charity
i respect you 
if only i chosed the first job
this river is ferious
the stream is heavy
swiming is forbidden here
there are too many erruptions here
drive slowly
these curves are dangerous
i catched many fish
its hard to win the contest
dont sign early
its too late
im sick 
i have allergy
when will you pick me
my father forgot to pick up my brother
tomorrow we will travel
we need to buy books
i regret surffing
i was about to drown
i fell three times
do go there
you brought too many games
these people are like family
i hate fish
this is disgusting
he smoke inside school
this made me happy
white sheet get dirty
you axeggerate
he has good reputation
my doctor told my i healed
i found a sheep wandering in the streets
a boat drown today
too many people died
all the goods drown
i made my bed
my neighbor painted his house
painting smell give me headache
you look good today
dont spoil me
no one is like you
his horse ran again
chinese good are popular
is your family good
dont forget what i told you
what is this mess
they made too much noise
i drank two liters of watter
why are you not respectful
my boss is spanish
my boss is american
my boss is chiness
my boss is korean
you have a weird cough
you have a loud sneeze
dont postpone your work for tomorrow
I get bored of working too much
they are attesting at the hospital
its chaotic
eat well to be well
we bought suggar for condeleance
they have fought with knifes and words
they have fought with knifes and words
i need some books to revise
i'm a womanzier
i hate girls i stay with friends
there are players they play well in the field
stop going outside
its forbidden to go outside
i like to buy and sell
too much pain in this work
we can only play and run now
this player waste too many opportunities
i liek this gum
my neighbors have traveled except us
there is too much wind
against us some neighbor
look the vehicule
you have a snake 
ramadan vibes everyone wants good meals
i smell chbakaya
eveyone is angry
you smell harira
they are making cooking thin paste
they bought oranges to sell juice
angry people everywhere
everyone is angry nowadays
you saw kids morining at school
there is too much wait they keep yelling
we are hoping to fast cchawal after ramadan
when i was a kid i liked math
my teacher gave me extra exercices
all my reacher like me
i always respect my teachers
tomorrow they einformed it will be eid
we will pray eid prayer
i studied in oone school
one day im going to get fed up
they hugged me because i study
i dont change my opinion
i changed my school and got along in the new school
all teachers new me
i forgot to study 
dont lie its not good and be humble
my grandma makes good dishes
all butchers they take days off after eid
i liek ramadan in cold season
its good for it to rain
heat will go it doesnt remain
i desire some crepes with honey
if you go to agadir buy amlou
i like my mom better than dad
best thing is to travel in September
i like to buy jben and figs in north
i dont like this road
i will do surfing classes
i did bowling
my mom chbakaya is good
i dont buy dishes outside in ramadan
i like to eat spicy food despite i know its not healthy
i'm looking for some people to finish this project
i'm looking for people who speaks french
i need two other book to finish my 30 book
next year i need to work
how do you get these infos
how much time will you put in this work
if you want to ask i'm here
dont do something illegal
we need to change our fridge 
my mom stopped working after marriage
she regreted it because she had good salary
they brought me chocolat and cake
if you are interested tell us how is your english
dont force yourself
i go to bank complain about my account
mostly morocco after 20 yaers it will become the best year
he gave me the contract to sign without reading it
till when you will stay jobless
are you married
are you married
dont rush in marriage go steady
are you parent still alive
you should obey your parents
you should obey your parents
you won haj loterry
be serious you win in life
stop gossiping
why are you scamming people and be able to rest
its destiny
you did a good wedding
you are overconfident
i need to do sports reguliarly
do you want a girl or boy
if your wife didnt give birth will you blame her
i need new airpods
i never saw phones without garanty
i alwqyssee charbona
it will be a storm
i need to buy sand
three plus three equals six
i bough my father a new gift
dont dream too much
my shirt got sabotaged
the concierge is nice guy
we have a nice alley
open the window let the air in
the weather is hot today
i showered yesterday
all the night i was rushing
if you want a job you need experience
do you need taxi madam
do you have clothes
no just those two sacs
i will put a malla
where are you going
is this the first time in morocco
i came to morocco many times
there is too much people
stay at the croisma
the market looks nice
they have everyuthing fresh here
meat and veggies
everything looks good
i never saw something like it
they have fixed it
you want to see everything tell me 
today i need fruits
which one selss good veggies
i will go to veggies
veggies look fresh
like tomatos
i sell it for 5 dh
gimme to weight the tomato
i will take tomato and onion
good prices
i will come again
lets go to the fruits section
thats why we came
yes i forgot
too many goods
wide selections
everything looks new
lets buy what we need
we can come back anytime
the milatary is going 
my brother married yesterday
he is super hungry
he earts at 4
i cant wake up morning
i cant sleep night
i barely sleep at night
im sure he will be late
you never came in time
the ywill fire you
monkeys are liek humans
why are you excited today
why are you like this today
you came half an hour
the house is full
she is loking for rent
i didnt like the houses
rent price has increased
she want to jump from window
this boy studies with me
we have save people
the glass has broken
i miss childhood
my phone fell in water
i want a pink phone
i lost my phone
i dont think they will come
ive been waiting since morning
the dilevry took too much time
the road is full of pits
i made a list of to buy thins
the police have caught him
there was a pit 
my grandma likes animals
i had two birds
my  cat ate one of my twi birds
i want to buy two birds
two hamsters have fell and died
everyday i clean my house
you need to clean your sheets
if you listened to my opinion
the telephone sellers is reliable
he works quickly
i have quickly made this
its just  a misunderstanding
i have too many toys to try
i won all ramy sets
i have taught my brother a new game
i hate radio news
this reporter always say bad news
we were masks for covid
you are too lucky
you are too unlucky
you need to take your meds
dont forget your RDV
i broke a vase
if only i stayed asleep
this teacher explains well
this teacher doesnt explain well
the bus has came
they have remade the cafe
today they will ananouce voting result
i waiting for his response patiently
this street is full of thieves
you should eat you plate
dont mind
its enough
can you do this to your fingers
hurry up
hurry up
hurry up
i have nothing to do
i will never call you
this work takes too much time
i hope i finish this in time
this candle has nice smell
this is just the begining
there is yet to come
be optimistic
dont mind people opinion
he does what he wants
he is rcareless
i dont like no one
i need to learn new languages
this will be useful to your career
i will see with a man i know
this is the biggest library
we have the biggest mall in africa
my brother loves football
my friend saw all world cup matches
i left out my job to see the national team
i will go help my father in work
i will help mother
his wife is too nice
this guy is too nice
he gave me one extra
you cant imagine I'm set
i had a big weight
i have solved my problems
i will pay my dues
i have no money
i will use what i have
i went to see what happened
i found good pieces
i will show you what i bought
its was a piece of cake
people there are nice
i have bought it in beach
he is nice
i never found a better price
too pretty
a bit can change a lot
go with us or go away
this cake was good
gimme passport
stay in line
fill the form
where are your suitcase
they are in the bourders
welcoem do you want to eat tajine o harira what do yo u want
its too expensive how about 8 dirham
do you have women clothes
there are jlaleb and tkachet
i also make tkachet
do you have men's clothes
there are jelaleb o gnader
where do you sell this 
be careful to break
buy something of leathers
i never cared for his opinion
you are just wasting time
if only you hear what he says
my jaws hurt me
my hair got spoiled with sun
i had sun burns
i should have taken an umbbrella
its snowing
i like rainy weather
i will reach it
the list is long
they worked at a cafe
i found a job
its resting time now
i'm asking for my friend
he fell from second stage
i cant make eggs
i like taking night showers and sleeping
she have quickly fooled him
he is like a young boy
he cries about everything
he fights off easily
you complain too much
i need to send an email to my boss
i took a sick leave
i didnt get paid
i painted my shirt
this mark didnt want to get off
the dishwasher is broken
washing machine is broken
i have a leak coming 
i found a dress for the event
you are invited for wedding
try to come
we are counting on you
i have used all my luck
i fell of the stairs
i found a black cat
the plant fell of
the engine of the car
they called an ambulance
we will have a seeing
he wanna scam me
he doenst know me
i will not move from hre
i will stay here
lets see who is better
he was yelling
he thinks i will be afraid
he thinks himself strong
he is barely scartching
i m looking for a living
we are like these people
god help us
we suffered too much
how is everyone good
where have you been
just work thats all
i was sick thats why i dint come
my doc gave me syrop
i'm sick and my throat hurts
its my pleasure to join you inchaelah
he showed me what to do and you are nice
he study in the high school for 3 years
he does karate ever since he was young
he is black the bully him
they fired him from school
he was depressed after they fired him
he will go work 
he works at a painting company
he likes to draw
the company likes it
he paid rent for one room
one day his father saw him and got greedy
the boy hates his father too much
but he took off all his money and left him nothing
he was thinking of suicide ezach day
but god has a plan
he lives in poor house he met painters
he heard nice words he made them his friends
they talked and become friends
once they had an idea to make a band of painters
then they made a stand to draw people for 5 dirham
this job worked
they made a lot of money
they lived there and painted people
no one asked that boy
he has a huge talent
once a company asked  about the stand
but he didnt want to separate from his friends
but he end up making a collaboration
they had good money
which foot you play football 
i want you to join our academy
if you want to be a striker improve your finish
i thought you play better than this
your dad was watching you
this is the last match you gonna play with us
its like you dont wanna get off the field
everyone defend we wanna win
this is the derby we need to score
we won but the fans are happy
go out you did nothing today
we will leave the shocked
the first half went well
no need to lie the problem is in the tactics
you too deserve the shirt
this match is watched by millions
score and play well and be weary of counters
the keeper did his job
the wingers didnt defend well
the defense lie wasnt in line
the keeper went in
second half we should have possession
this match dont waste any oppourtinity
this is a decisive match
we should win and win the cop or we will be tarnished
come on guys
as for midfield we need quick passes
play the ball in the floor
apply pressure on them and run for it
its not going well noww
the striker isnt positioning well
come on guys we have a whole half
make us happy
go like this
they are getting dizzy
go again
i told you will will score
dont go back be aware
dont waste the opportunity
get out the field
go in his place
its no provleme we didnt save it
we will tie the game we stilll have the penalties
its a good match we should end it in penalties
its not a problem and mistajes happen
dont blame yourself 
we played fairly
we played well but it is what it is
i'm counting on you there are still the penalties
dont be afraid of the fans you should win
appreciate the fans and good lycj
pray for it
i will talk to keeper
nothing happened
you can make the fans happy
let them sing your name
you will see all the fans chanting your name
you will find good training
i will kiss your head
good luck go on
the match was dificult
first half we were chocked from all sides
i assume my mistake
i gave them a good plan but second half we couldnt do anything
when i scored  didnt you get shocked 
i was shocked but before i'm a coach im a fan
i see the team doing nothing thats why
i wish we scored the opportunities
what did you say before penalties
i clapped and motivated them
importantly you should prepare mentally for penalties
its was a whole yyaer of work
they did many news they say this is the last match for the team
every story has it begining and end
i achieved all the awards possible
i went from big door and went to be professional
and thank god i coached a team
i wish all the fans like me
now its time we have a new experience
I'm asking for forgiviness of fans
i hope you understand me 
i left you a good team
good team and talented players
i promise you i will retire asa coach
thank you so much for your confidence
it wasnt easy to reach this place twith the team
but it will be hard to see my team losing
and thank you 
last question when will be your next experience
i still dont know
i hope i coach a big team
i will always be proud of my country
thank you and good bye for now fans
happy eid
to next year
how did you achieve first grade
firstly i thank my school and my teacher and my family
thank god the the work was hard
i did all my effort and thank god i had a good mark
my best wish i achieved it
i made my parents happy
i reached what imy parents want
what will you advise to study
i tell them to work well in bac
if you prepare it will be easy
if you worked it will be a walk
next year is imprtant in your life
dont forget your parents
make them happy
when we traveled we didnt stay one day
every day we go early to another place
we searched for too many places
our country is good should be explored 
ive seen many falls
poor people have nice attitude
as for classical one
web ought classical dresses
i bought olive oil
we alway go for diner
we travel a lont we dont sit
we ate fish chicken and meat
whatever we found we ate it
i go early in the morning for a swim
and i go back again for sea to swim
and each time we have dog
its too slow
i dont drag it
she drags me
i leave her at the kitchen
i had a nice vacation
i rested a lot
i bought many clothes
my grandma was with us
yesterday i fought my boss
my wife went to give birth
i hate who doesnt appreciate
god bring him in this situation
im confused whether to give my resignition
if i dont come to work he will fire me
my wife will give birth
i think i'm going to work
i hate this inhuman boss
one day isnt passing
if only he reduced my pay
whenever my sold finish
i went to buy eid 
i forgot to pray
we bought book from library
this day they will hold police 
a woman cleans our house
i have a belly
i need to shave
when i went to sea my ear hurts me
i was descending and i slipt
my leg got injured
i went to doc and fixed it
i smell bad
i shaved my hair
the car is dirty
i ate lunch my stomach hurt
i'm tired 
a young man closed my car
i want to go to country side
i like birds sining
i want bread in classical oven
my grandpa has a hoyse in the country side it has cows
i'm accustomed to making milk from cows and drink it
the traditional milk is tasty
except for sheeps
they eat well
the country side we have menth
you can find it in countryside
they have olive trees
except for chicken
how nice is alley in countryside
life is simple and good
if you want to relax go to countryside
but dont go in summer its dangerous
too much heat incounteyside
its better to go in spring
all nature is green
and even winter is bad 
the night when fast
i slept ko this night
its been a while i didnt sleep like yesterday
sports require mental strength
i have no strength no mentality
i need to train 
this show is stupid
this ramadan aflam
its been a while i didnt see a good film
i like ramadan for family stuff
i hear a baby crying
people forget about their children
they give birth and cant afford them
they bring fortune
i was looking
are you done yet
its not the same
just imagining
i feel dizzy
my ears are ringing
i was running in sun 
the blood didnt stop
the sky is ful of starss
the moon is full this night
the stars are bright
the night is outtstanding
the air is clean in the countryside
i want to avoid problems of the city
i learned how to sew
it was just a hobby
every summer we travel with family
this year i will travel by myself
my family dont wanan travel this summer
i went on taxi 
she doesnt like her husband
her parents forced her to marry
she wants divorce but they didnt let her
he cant be reliable
dont leave him your clothes
he talked with me forcefully
he just did a surgery
i didnt find the page
show it to me please ?
this book N
bring another book ?
book messing pages ?
this reporter is one of the best
he bring good news
i will never eat suggar food again
i found diabetes
i think i will mess up
i just received three
i will put food in fridge
i will bring new fridge
he drink atay like water
he needs at least three cups a day
if he doesnt drink atay he will be miserable
i went to russia that year
i feel too cold
but the sight is good
finaly i stopped crying
she ried
tomorrow is eid
happy eid
i will buy eid clothes
my family give me eid money
i'm ivnited to a feast
thanks for the invite
god give you money
do you think i'm stupid
do you think i'm stupid
i knwo what you did
do you have a bigger bag
we needto buy big bags
hows your room
do you have your photos
what do you talk about
you talk none sense
i went to janoub throught borth
you talking nonesense
my brother want a new bag
i found a for my boy
i will do an adventure
either win or loss
itds been years we are waiting
we will do more than possible
you eat before you do
you have big expectations
whats big isnt always good
buysmall fruits
you are correct
we talk about you
i was about to call you
someone talk about us
this horse has nice eyes
i will go watch the borida
in market there are big sfenj
best sfenj is market's
its a good thing
the ending is too bad 
the kitchen is full of problems
we are a family
we shouldnt behave like thisщ
whats yours is mine
the lesson was omportant
i understood the lesson
i have five exams this week
i'm revising 
study well
this boy has nice sis
i like to playtaecher when im young
make a cold juice
this juice hurts me
i was about to go work
the vacation is over
we will go back to waking up early
we will work again
in morocco we dont have spring
i like autimn
you escaped last moment
the last time 
the book has important value
grandma gave me this bracelet
we have pretty girl in our family
can you reach this adress
i need it asap
i forgot what to say
she said nothing and left
he took money and went away
my mood is down this year
casa is the biggest city in moroco
i like casa
i cant live in another city
this shop sells anything
this glass doesnt break
whatever you do listen 
you lost weight
i made a braclet
i hit my toe
i want a request
you should seek a shrink
i have fianncial problem
i will see if the bank will give me loan
he lives in another world
i need to pay my bills
if you dont pay they will cut 
the boss is angry today
i should avoid my boss today
we have a new bad boss
tell me what you did
tell me the truth
i hate avcoado
we will fix the problem between us
we cant live in problems
i spent 500dh on two shirts
dont leave teh door open
when you go out close the window
the curtain is broken
the doctor went on a vacation
i will look for a new doc
i'm at emergency i cannot wait
go ahead i cant lose time
do me a favor please
he is a nice person
i need to cease the opportunity
they increased our pay
my neighbor dog has died
have you thought  about birthday
the house is small
i miss going out with my friends
its been a week since the surgery
i reconciliated with my friend
god save you
i'm too happy
the match will be dificult
we should play well to make our fans happy
who do you think will score and how much
i cant speak with your the coach know
i promoise the fans we will do our best
you are the captain of the team do your best we should win 
how do you calm the player
i'm a player i played many finals i have experience
how do you do against pressure of fans and press
as a captain i shoumd motivate my players on the pitch
are the news out
the stroy has a begining and and end like every store
i got fired from academy
i did a time i had financial problem
i was one of the fan
my whole life was as a fan
this match is important
i will win or i will retire
i will do what it takes to win and do my efforts
the coach is waiting for us he will give us his tactics
dont be afraid of the fans you should win
as each year the fans came
the whole year we waited
we have 90 minutes ahead
do what you have
do your best in the pitch
sacrifice yourself
this match we will win
i will do what it takes to win and do my efforts
the coach is waiting for us he will give us his tactics
hamdolah we won
lets go to the fans
i sit in tfield
why you chose this team
lets answer
i made my ddream come true
i'm from the fans
i dont want this year
its better leave this place
i want to play as a good player
leave the fans alone
this is the best opportunity
i like to thank the fans
this team deserbes it
can we talk please
my uncle works
tell you parents to prepare
she learnt
they bought chocolate and cake
he became her fiancee
it went good and happy
my fiancee was nice
he knows how to choose
her family is nice and intellectual
we dine with them
they told me they will be close
look for a close day
they bought the house for a good price
they took credit from the bank
after a time they used the house and renovated it
they found time
they are making my life miserable
they ended the modification of the house
they bought furniture
they decided the wedding day
too much hard and fast work
the made takchita
they went to negafa
the traireur negotiated the price
they went to cameraman
the family all helping each other
his family is preparing when they knew
the day of hanna was done
we took the gifts to the bride
we added even gold 
they invited us well
the night went very good
the bride did hana
every girl did hana
we came back to home late
it was a wedding we were tired
the bride came to amarya
the bride passed three customs
my uncle wore a ncie jelaba
he was on fire
everyone danced
and teh buffet was big
we stayed till morning
afterward the bride wore the white dress
the bride took the first piece
after the limosine came took the bride to hotel
everyone went to his home
i will play basket
i want to do sports
basket makes you taler
i prefer eating ice cream
ice cream helps heating off
i dont like harrira in summer
the voting results
my voter didnt won
people arent agtreeing to the results
i made you a good cip of tea
eat
i took this cake from the oven
i dont like cake 
stay with work at restau
the ysent him to travel a bit
i want to send my mom to haj
we live on bread and tea
i dont like life
everyone is pretentious
he will ask you 
write a letter explaining
dont be agressive with your boss
i want to see pinguins
pinguins wil lgo extinct
lunch on me today
just come with me
take whatever i pay
its been 10 years i went outside morroco
my dream is always visite the whole world
i gather money and travel 
best coubtry is japan
japanese are helpful
japanese food is cheap
i found job opportunities there
its good to travel
its good to travel 
i live aginast an old library
the library was here
the library works for an old man
the boss of library is too kind
my firiend want to be an engineer
she applied  after bac
you should see if you have vitman dificiency
i feel tired
i need a bottle of coke
i 'm wandering withouht having eaten
i cant fix this bed by myself
i'm waiting for my dad to arrive
they made a bridge
the school is on the other side
they took they kids from school
they marry underage girls
they fought because she married underage
sometimes i become cheap
i spend a lot
i like to speand a lot
learn to save money
save for dire times
you can need money sometimes
all men will die
its hard when someone dear dies
dont touch it will break
its forbidden to touch
dont break something
if you break something you pay it
dont go to that place
they use them in that place
you can do nothing we need money
this house is on the mountain
this house is on the river
this house is on the forest
this house is on the beach
my uncle has heart disesase
he stays always aware
he is strong
i cant carry the bag
this house has many windows
this house has too many windows
i hate bath
a pingon shat on me
i feel pigeons are spying
there are people who read your mind
this is my big sis
she needs three years to become 
from now she is loking for a job
the forest is nice
i'm afraid to go by myself
once we are all there in forest
i only eat fish
i dont eat no meat no chicken
i had fish but died
he doesnt have many friends
he prefers to stay alone
i had true feelings
sorry i was wrong
my son lives in london
i never drank juice
dont wet my book
i lkie open space
i broke the door
dont pay me
we brought a plumber
i didnt catch a fish
hide your rent money
diodnt like anything
i lost 10 kilos
he has big taste
my sister is pregnant
she will make us happy
we waited for years be fore she gave birth
we were on the brink of resigning
she wanted a kid
he brought his wife to his mother
she wants druit and salty food
she hated her husband
she couldnt wait
she goes to doctor
she goes to doctor
in may with did a aprty
she will give birth to girl
her husband said  he wanted a boy
i wonder why she idnt want to give brith
they taught he died
they taught he died
but nothing happened
from that day her mother clean house
he is a driver
when she was in seventh month 
they bought toys
ninth month she wil lgive birth
they took her to hospital
they changed her clothes
they took her clothes
when she went to give brith her husband was scared
she didnt give birth narutally
its was cesarian
she was about to die
buy she gave birth narutally
she took her
they named her marwa
the husband was happy
but he always wanted a boy
this man has a bad thinking
they congratulated her
she stayed in hospital for 4 days
they brought giftd
the hospital is noisy
the  hospital was too noisy
my mom mad a buffet
she made bottles of names
she made sellou
every guest has a small gift
she went from hospital to her house
the girl was noisy
she didnt let us sleep
she is too noisy
the gusts kept coming
they congratulate them
the house is too noisy
night is noisy
we stayed two weeks like this
afterward we started preparing for sbou3
we brought a sheep for sbou3
we talked to a traiteur to make us food
we made a list on invitees
the baby start breastfeeding
she is too pretty
the family was invited first day
next day did did sbou3
she did a party on the roof
they made her wear tkchita
the event took too much effort
the firl grew up
she learnedto walk
she is afraid of sea
but we helped her to swim
she was able to swim she was scared
she learned to talk
first word she says is baba
the girl liked the father mroe than the mother
she always kissed him
he loves his daughter
he never said no
he did her diapers
he fixed her hair
he told her stories
they gave him ballon dor
they bought her a gold bracelet
my parents bought me all the stories i want
i gathered all the money 
i had two cats
that day i found a dead cat
in the morning a man hit a cat and ran
i called them on intercom
told me to come
you have no word
i studied music
i learnt piano
they just built the conservatory
the money is insufficient
in summer its hard to find good hall
the traiteur is hard
i dont want to be in same situation
you feel the same pain
hard time when you know your enemy
this bottle of jam didnt wanna open
i broke an open bottle
i need to buy honey
i found a job at a farm
i like animals
animals feel your pain
this coffee in the tass is nice
this coffee has nice breakfast
the coffee is nice
tokyo too big
there are opportunities in america
France has too many arabs
there was a celebration in the house
neighbor will have a wedding in alley
we will not sleep today
i cant clean the house bymyself
i cant carry the oven 
i can carry the suitcase
you draw well
she sold too many tables
she will open her own gallery
i need to reduce one hour
if only they 
they change time in ramdan
this is the maneger of restuarant
we eat for free
they have quality food
he has good grading
my father bought me a motobike
her mother bought hum phone
i like to play in tobogan
i like to swin
i like to get dirty
come to my house take your stuff
i want to travel
i wont be here for two weeks
how many knife did he stole
he wanted to kill with his knife
i saw gold knifes
why not
why tho
why are you
there is no problem
we do it
leave us work
its above our effort
i cant withdsayd
the work is hard
i dound a box
i need money to travel
i will pay the remaining
i cant even open a bottle of water
i have no strength
the bottle is tight
there are too many trees 
the tree give us o2
we neet to plant 
this company accepted me
the boss is nice
everyone likes the work
poor he met robber and they hit him
they stole his jacket
my friend lost her pc from her  car
everyone wants some
everyone afraid of covid
remember whe nwe stayed home
this is not watermelon season
they make fruits seasonal
its not healthy
whats this dress
somettimes i dotn dress well
i need to buy new shoes
he ruled for too long
we saw improvements
we hope new ruler is good
you need to pay attention to details
he will be mad at you
you forget a lot
i want bread and olives
i want fish bastila
i want roasted chicken
he didnt heal yet
he need to do a radio
he need a surgery
lets finish this call
he doesnt wanna let the phone
he told me all his lief stories
he doesnt pkay foot
he hurted his tibia
this water is dirty
this water is dirty
he has no move
dont touch immobil water
hows life
how parentes
hows your exam
i need to borrow marmite
i invited work collegues
i will shop in the market
gimme another cake
dont add he has toothace
the cake is too good
your young man wore a spiderman suit
they have a party
everyone is wearing a syit
i feel more hungry
i  dont get fed up
do i have a hole in my stomach
i made a liste of my mistakes
this year was the best year
i will let alone all the bad guys
no app work on my phone
the phone turns off
the phone doesnt work
i want to rest afte rbac
im tired after bac
i want to rest
they wil lcall police on him
they found a drug dealer
our alley became dirty
dont be late for 
do you want people to be late 
do some effort
i liketo gossip
its not good to talk on people
you will be cursed
this house is too god
i wanna buy it
the location is good
did your brother went to spain
we had no news
no news about him
he respects old people
everyone respects him
i like young and old
he won best player in the league
he won best keeper in the league
they are no good plaeyrs
drink atay and play foorbal
wrold cup is good
weak countries play in the finals
many players got injured in world cup
many players got retired in world cup
many players got first appearance in world cup
many players got injured in world cup they are not lucky
arab countries did will in the world cup
morocco did well in the world cup
morocco reached the final
morocco was about to reach wordld cup
arabs are reunited
qatar ornized will
she did what she wants
islam is ice
arabs did well
qatar had the best organization
many people attacked qatar
the introduction siminar was phenomenal
they brought singer
as for fans they behaved properly
first time an arabic coutnry reached the final
what do you think about the team in africa
i think morocco will win 
what do you think about the players
a cat bites me
a dog bties me
someone poisoned my dog and died
i will poison rat
we have rats on the floor
the forest have many insects
we took alchohol with us
dont forget the bottles
we hit the road to school
we went via tranport to a cafe
we drank a glass of atay
the cafe was cool
they treated us well with food
the prices were nice
afterit we hit the road
they went via transport
i like the old key
i fidn an old key
this shoe is too big
i look like a clown
i dont like how you spoke with me
you were harsh talking
we have economical issues
we have economical crisis
the girl laughed
dont be hypocrite
i wanna rewatch the film
i will go to cinema next Thursday wanna come 
i feel silly
silly me
i love my friends
all my friends traveled
do dogs eat everything ?
whats shouldnt the cat eat ?
this is the biggest tree here
mark this tree
i made a list of people i talk to
i made a list of place to visit
i brought a bottle of candies
i ate it in two hours
my grandma came
she will stay
my brother came
this week he didnt stay
she wanted a half half
they brought cold cafe
i dont see my friend every day
 i will start a new routine
is it possible to plant olives
fig tree in our farm
this land is of my aunt
she want to sell it
from yesterday he has been thinking
he was occupied
the cop made a report of all victims
this is a national opnion
we didnt study philosophy
Friday they give us surprise
no one knew of the surprise i made
all men have rested
reduce volume a bit
my head hurts
we wil split on three groups
i will talk to teacher 
black eats warmth
in summer its nitce to wear 
i like to ear
i feel happy when i eat
i m too smart
i didnt study on year
everytone thought im genius
i wanna work in casa
why your finger not good
dont your finger hur
be weary to fall
walk slowly
you family too big
we have too many cities
this girl drives well
dont be afraid when with her
akgerie are still 
to go to algeria go throut
parents love their children
i dont want you to suffer like i did
you will be fed up 
if only you changed your mind
if only i went oyt everyday
i like to go outside by myself
dont say anotehr word
where has the respect gone
my son is respectful
he doesnt hear my talk
he is stubborn
i have gum in my hair
i did oiled didnt work
i need to cut it
football is the popular sports
they make tons of money
the weather is getting cold
the automn is coming in
the weather is getting hot
i drink water before him
his face became black
the bird started to run off
they will go south
i was optimistic
the project failed
i want to buy sticks
i like asian food
i cant not drink coffee
i wake up by woffee
there is a big fire
the bomb remain 7 hours
lets go to mall
its empty this morning
i need to make my hour
i need to make my nails
whats the best film you saw
whats the worst book you read
this outside 
lets count how many plants
we assembled all the insects
in each bottle insect
lets gcarry the insets
we went in bad moment
i bought a candy
i gave him 2 dirhams
he gave me extra two
i give him more
he told me candy
i want it
he is stubborn
we looked for a company
he is more wise
the friend is important
speak of the devil
speak of the devil
speak of the devil
it looks worse
i will make euros
speak of the devil
its not the same
be carefull
dont be hasty
perserve your precious
be good
wash you clothes
be thoughtful
do good you find good
if you be haste
tea in the evening
dad is the pilar of family
mom is pimlar
everyone has a default
be hasteful
leave it between you 
be good to your firend
you cant change distiny
he didnt wanna work
airconditionned broke
 need good cv
she is pretty
he is bad
the belt is itght
this is destined
you should be happy
you will see the other face
i like to hear radio
i grabbed a rose
i draw a sun
i bought a toy
no knew new
i wanan say simething
this is looking well
whats on your mind
i boeni n casa
io cut  my finger
i need to fix my food
i made a good coffee
i like all types of coffee
this was good
the crimes are more
he prmised me 
its not too fr
i will read quran
they didnt invite me
i dont like meet people
he want to go to america
she wanna go to paris
I have three cats
veryone wants me to hurry
the boys came at home
go easy on yourself
this is what it tis
mind your business
what do they make in the first day of eid
lets go party
if you came early is good
time is bad
this is my young  sister
this is my young boy
this is my big boy
this is the kid i want
this is my big daughter
this is my young boy
this is my middle boy
he provide his family
i like your mentality
this is the happiest person
i cook well
i always forget my bag
im going to tgv
all my friend going 
i like this doctor
i'm alone care for my fam
he knows city people
i will not make it in time
leave me a part
be obeyful
make your bed
dont be cheap
the keskas
dont be cheap
dont always gice up
you dont see your own default
work well
live well
dont be full
you are weating
you look well
dont be irrespectful
dont be like this
your brother is bad
your pretty
dont forget her
your old her
you speak weirdly
you speak weirdly
give her to her mom
be respectful
you went abroad
remembner his deeds and forget him
dont be rude to me
you speak weirdly
everyone needs
dont ask too much
she forgot what she passed
solve your own problems
all thats left
he took his stuff
take his chamber
go pray
give and take
you can edure 
dong on by nights
dont count him as a friend
who came to wedding
god will give you
if god gives you dont bother yourself
blame him needlessly
he has slow understanding
show him and leave him
leave him and 
ant will not
A big table and a small chair
"Inside the house, they build and construct us."
They brought me glasses and considered me a stranger
My neighbor insults me and talks about my matter.
The society's gathering speaks and God increases it.
Whoever has beauty endures the hardship of the people.
Be a friend to her and write a letter to her door.
I remembered the bride with her wedding dress
"The guest, if she doesn't arrive, it's her fault."
"Green is on you, your eyes are crying."
"My heart is beneath the ground, not listening to my life."
His friend's marriage lasts until the morning
"If you find a woman, don't let her go."
Luck is below the ground.
"I made a mistake, and they laughed at me while I cried."
I'll paint you a picture of where he's writing.
A deep breath is better than stinking and suffocating.
A deep breath is better than screaming and getting angry.
"Don't go between love and nights, do something wrong, let it be."
"Add water, add oil."
"Whoever doesn't have a child, his wife curses him."
A student studies without a pen.
We travel without any worries.
I laughed until my face turned red
i dont know him well
dont let me go to cafe
i have brawns
dont be mad
buy and cook from markets
be safe in this country
dont advise him
the dog bites me
customise first
dont rush
he is curious
he is a scammer
he is hurrying
the salt spoilt
he is lying to people
commerce is better than a job
my house hides me
he gets bored easily
the rocks gets lost easily
be good to your lover
dont be mad 
he is not well behabved
he is always coming as a guest
leave the neighbor alone
go with the jewish and christian
dont move like a bee
the rat is envious
he talk in your back
you lost hope
stay hidden
they took whats mine
he went from hamam
she gave herself
look for yourself first
drop the half of it
you laugh to yourself
no pretty faces
if you want to loose your family
be courageous
i congratulated you
this wasa jinxy day
your pockets are epty
i have no money
if you go invited you dont eat
if you go invited you dont eat
you look beauttiful
he is keeping his money to  himself
cut your addiction
he bought two sheeps
i dont know if he went out
she gives birth way too much
find what you can do
i dont take my rent
they bought a dog
add vinegar to salt
dont go mad
he is bad looking
who drives the donkeys
you go with bad people
he looks poor
he is your rival
tie your donkey
he is deaf
you are being irrelabant
marry the fiancee
hear whats been told
dont ask for food
dont eat at peoples 
know your place
you do nothing
its been march
chicken ate everything
leave your blood
give him to his father
the road is long
he followed him
birds drink from glass
know your place
he made me angry
my house got mad
he bites me
dont touch the snake
the sea is big
you buy it without money
you mouth brinf misfortune
they attacked me
the doors is vlosed
he sleeps peacefully
dont bother yourself
i wanna buyy hannaщ
she is not fit
the diary food are not good
he drinks whater
she never forget her past
i will clean my noise
he will die from age
dont have too many friends
he is not well behabved
id rather eat my proper food
i lost my money
she has every right
go away to the depth of the seas
wear your size
she took his stuff
he left what he is not him
he speaks recklessly
they forgot him
he attacked me first
he has too much money
dont give him too much importance
we drank for water
he has too many dirt
when you need 
when you need to marry 
just sell it
be at ease
choose at ease
no one cares
why would he clean the raisins
why would he clean the raisins
there is no price for rest
its delicious
eat meat
dont let the chicken peck it
dont mind your business
leave him alone
god speed
he fell from tree
the bertal is nice
leave him be
and you can understand
he is being hypocrite
he wants your money
you changed
have you ever felt stipid
i will go eat sardin
i forgot to bring recharge
i forgot to bring recharge
i dont remember what i said
stay teh way you are
it comes by itself
dont be pretentious
i was born in rabat
i was born in fes
i was born in Meknes
i was born in ouarzazate
i was born in casa
i was born in azilal
i was born in teouan
i was born in dakhla
dont be shameful
you like to cook ?
who cooks well ?
what do you do in your free time ?
are you addicted to something
what is the most thing you are proud of
whats your best writer
i jus twas tjere
i went there last week
would you like to go togerther 
i need to look it
i passed my pfe last month
take me a photo please
listen madam
i understand life well
stop arguing
dont commit same mistake
dont study abroad
truth is bitter
he always gets you the best adviced
do what uou like
if you wanna leave dont care for people
do good
always be good
no trust
dotn give too much
always rxcept good and bad
dont wait for a second chance
cease your chances
dont change yourself for people
donc change your peopple
focus on your goals
dont look for easy 
its bad to have an expensive perfum
he has moey
build well
save money
take a pill
we learned and taught
you hear bad people talk
he is a milliard he lose his worth
he ate brain of 
he is a bad ill 
if the cup was bright
dont lower your bars
dont try to cover it
talking much iss useless
be courageous
do it to cumin
whatever he does he wont succeed
work diligently
dont listen to low lifes
if we are scared we wiuldnt do this
she doesnt know anything
she have nothing riht
he is looking over people
he is niot minding his own business
the dog is barking
dont put pressure on it
dont open your mouth too much
she is respectful for her beauty
she gets nothing
she understanfds
he doesnt udnerstand
he told you already
bad piece can spoil everything
better perserve what you can
just watch
just look
speak and so
he hides
not impotant
he died overnight
dont rush
dont be good
give and take
its sufficient
its important
luxurious
listen to the news
he has his servants
the hanna is harsh
shop hania
she gave birth
he looks for problem
he looks for problem
dont do it
be good will
leave me alone
good for you
she withstood
drive donkeys
the tomach is full
he is manupilative
he is manupilative
be afraid
dont do what she says
she says whatever
he remain in his place
be courageous
be respectful
be good to people
find whats better for you
i need your goods
i want you hrlp
be like honey
the cats have scratched you
my hose hides me
dont complain
if your hands hurt tdont cry
they have all married now
hide him all togerther
obey your boss
if you are religious its sufficient
the kaskas
dont be cheap
god help the poor
skills are importants
be good to your neighbor
dont joke around
slow and steady
he is just a pawn
god help the poor
she is good he is bad
i saw a good thing
find someone wh oudnerstand
she looks marvelous
she looks marvelous
she looks marvelous
she is hard 
i like my neighbor food
she doesnt think straight
she is small
white hair bring fortune
whats to don now
she has a girl she shoud marry her
marry young 
if you hjave a cow
dont marry for your wife
marry old women
he will marry you 
she wentto p nuy parsil she came pregnant
brothers are not on good terms
she looks well makeuped
she doesnt look well
he gave her 10 ryal
he proposed to her with 7 franks
he want to marry his cousin
she looks suffering
days pass on
marry her daughter
she ran first
marry your cousin
god save you from bad ill
give your daughter
find your daughter a sudband
if he saved you leave him
god save you from bad ill
make her dance
eveningg tea is the best
like he begs with his kids
you wear nice
the god 3atiq is bad
leave her be
the girl prefer her legs
he is womanizer
if you left girls you won
she isnt married yet
he brought her
he brought her
she is like her mother
you have money
you have good origins
marry respectful girl
your wife is short
you have good will
you have good will
yourgirl bring fortune
marry for clothes
marry for good origins
she isnt married yet
you are compatble
advise the girl
she hasnt married
i will buy cake
i will get my house good smell
smell good in house
we have football tournament
we play for 10dh
i have a good team
i dribble well
we have a good keeper
we need to change our retour
we need to change out sheets
have you seen the pianting
we need new painting
i need to buy a villa
go make a glasses
keep handling the phone
if only you didnt gamble
you wil ltire 
young boys wil ltravel
we went to a travel in ifran
we found road closed
we came bac kt oschool
when we were going they brought us a new bus
we waited until they brought new bus
the new bus was better
we had fun times
we went to school
we didnt enter the class
we cant study after that
the admin staff were mad
they insulted us
we didnt mind
we hid in placces
admin staff lookds for us
they weere some phone passed time
they called our parents
but we already told our parents
they called we some them in school
they waited for us
but we waited even more
we jumped over the wall
we had adventure time
we left admin staff mad
we went to home
adventuer is better
i was mad when i was young
i stroke my friend
i stroke my friend
i made him go for surgery
some mode days 
i didnt tell my parents
i forged my parent signature
they have spotted me
i didnt understand this
they written a report
i acted madly
they written a report
a whole page report
they insulted me
my ftaher was mad about it
i told my father to sign the repot
he signed it 
i took the signature to the president
we used to play with food
we used to play with food
the teacher has spotted us
she yell at me 
a punished me the write a phrase many time
i'm the only one who did it and took it
my friends forgot about it
i was scared my parents were strict
i ate kilo of nuts
he made my stomaach upset
i went to bathroom several time
i had diarrhee
i suffered that day
i had diarrhee 9 times
i took many meds
from before my parents want to take me to doc
i tell them i dont want to
i say i feel dizzy
my mother made me some herbs
it wasnt ifficient
i didnt know if i had a sun stroke
i had high fiever
i need to shpower
to cool down temperature
i need to listen to my parents
i'm too stubborn
i changed my clothes
my body hurts
my body is bruised
i shake
my eyes hurt
i had headache
my father came told me to read quran
my ears ringing
i had a bad day
i had a mouth pain
my guts hurt
i cant do anything
some times i drink some juices
some meds makeme sicker
god helps me
my father broight me
he washed it
i had bad experience vomiting
my hands tingling
i have allerfy
i have dust allergy
i have cumin allergy
my face is bloated
my hands are bnloard
my fingers are bloated
i will die someday
i pray with timoma
i pray while leaning
some time my parents were scared
took me to hospital
i was held at hospital
i did many analysis
i had bad day 
they told me i tried
they told me i had sunstroke and food poisoning
they told me to rest 
after one week i was out of hospital
i went to home to rest
my parents were scared
my parents knew i cant come
my boss left to me take rest
my parents brought me meds
i took too many meds
last time i have a sun stroke
this lesson was important
it was the last time i have similar case
i have a bad autoimmune
i eat healthy food
i have a good health
please mom make me an apple juice
i need to drink water 
i came from window
once i broke over the window
the director was scared
we ddint cate
i went to look f or job
i will sit and leave my wife provide for me
i made kids just like that
i will let my kids die from hugner
the boys eat well study well 
if you are able you can grow your kids
stop complaining for you kids
whats their problem
what dod they do
to not see their father this way
he taked money to his wife
be a man
withdraw this behavior and be a man
why did you do with alchohol
why did you do with agambling
you are worse
your wife is providing for you
your kids are growing up 
you will do bad with everytone
withdraw from your addiction
everyone knows you drink and gamble
wake up 
you can correct your mistakes
hope you heard this speech right
touched the pillar of stone that you have
"no one wants to see you like this, so change"
go find a job that gives you halal money
fight for earning money that show you earned it
they will be in your family
if you go the haram way then you digged your own grave
and you buried yourself and your wife and kids
go out and show them your power
i saw your phone what should i understand
i saw you cheating on me
i was suspicious for a while
and thought that that was impossible
my husband is thoughtful
i said that he was a gentleman
and you turned to be a jerk 
you slept on your side next to me and feel relaxed
dosen't your soul bother you
don't you feel bad that you cheated on your wife
Follow that women until she'll cause you problems
"GET OUT,I never want to see your face"
Don't try to get back with me
"What do you have to say,you're done"
tomorrow you're gonna get vaccine
"Thank god i didn't have childern ,they would've suffered with us"
"This is my house ,go to a slul"
we had a relationship for years
I was passionate with you since you couldn't get pregnant
im the dumbass i followed you
the truth was there from day one
my parents told me
you weren't practical to me
I've followed my heart and i misseed
"why, just why"
Was i not good enough ?
i was always listening to you$
Cooked you everything you like
spoiled you*
i'm putting effort bc you were the man
This is out of the work i'm working
you said to share the salary and i said yes
i didn't tell you what i deserved
always buying you gifts
always spoiling you
latest phone was yours
The best watch i bought it
and you never bought me anything
i said whatevere
you were spending on another mother
and you cheated on me with my sister
May Allah Take justice from you and her
you were always comprehensive i didin't think
only
you cheated
My bro is very tall
My sis is a shortie
im shy to szy
You should be riskier
economize at work
Talk in balance
Put the bottle on the table
I'm making diner
you should not lie
Go away
Leave me alone
You can't know what you feel
she did alot
flower has a charming smell
i stoped to buy flowers
The floreist was nice
i distributed flowers for ppl
i bought jewlery
her husband bought her fake gold
You became lazy
go move
Im gonna begin a project
may god guide mme in mmy projecy
donate a wheel chair
I want a beach house
there's no one there
I knock ad no one ansewrs
The window broke
i have to buy a new one
i don't drink alcohol
i don't smoke ciggarettes
did you recieve the message
i hope this dosen't break in the post office
im gonna get a piercing
i have two earings
you shouldn't go ut todya
there will be a thunerstroom
what animal
chic
this apple big and delicious
these cherries are small
an earthquake will hit
study in houceima
i bought a red ball
my blue ballon exploded
his weeding
the wedding is far
say hello
smilng is good
small lie a lentil
dont be afraid when with her
i will wash Carpet
no more soap
these glasses just decor
this watch is not working
i don't know
we need new wires
i had a bad circuit
a fight is erupting
i wanna go to south-korea
broke the door
i have lipstick
eyebrows fell
there's a disscusion in the congresse
the cop handleled the situation
go in the evening
be at time
Monday don't like it
After gym
Your clothes are a mess
i don't know
there's no one there
Who's gonna cook
who cares
and laundry
Love milk
milk makes you taller
Day is it ?
time is passing fast
going to work
lets go to work
you cant miss this opportunity
everyone is waiting
boigh New phone
Its gone
this girl from elementry school
this guy was from my middle school
there are some egg
chicken were stolen
you should waaaste money
expensive clothes
he likes to make problems
this bridge is awesome
there's gonna be a really big fight
his highness wil do a project
our dog is grey
my dog likes eating sandals
what do you like to do during winters
what do you like to do during summer
you are always in time
have you ever been late
in some countries you shouldnt be late for RDV
dont waste effort
listen to my talk well
go work i dont see you working
a dog is smelling my clothes
i heard the school wil lchange the director
come the cop is coming
we will descend in next station
dont go from school
wear nice there is cold
eat food i mad you for lunch
i bought many needles
sell me these sheets
i was swimming in the pol
i had tanlines
my skin is burned
i got tanned
i bought a new phone
be smart in you rwork
smoking kills
smoking cause lung cancer 
smoking cause prostate cancer 
smoking cause throat cancer 
smoking cause stomach cancer 
plus it spends fund
the umbrella save sun
embrella is important
the sea became full
the sea is dirty
the guards became mad
you bpay guards
the sea is full
the people arent nice
if you give money documentate it
dont hit your sister
dont hit your friend
dont hit your friends
keep on laughing
i'm tired of working
he brought me a niice gift
he bought me too many gifts
my nephew told me to bring him a new controller
lets gonflate the vallong
the ballon is losing
the ballon is not inflated
my frien called me 
my mother called me
one week i'm crying
i heard the news 
i spent too much
i'm depressed
we burried it
bad times
i had to ask my friend to prepare 
the cemtery is good
we had to build
i came to morocco
my father was with her
my sis came at the same day as me
i came from France
my sis came from spain
what made me angry is people arent paying their respects
hard times
we made diner at night many people came
i couldnt eat diner
after 3 weeks i went to France
i was with my friend
we have a meeting
there is olives
olive dough
we need forty liters of olives
there is some weird places in beach
save yourself
go easy on yourself
if you sick font run
dont be late for 
try calling you friends
we went aroad
we signed his name
i want my kid to have papers of France 
i want my kid to have papers of Spain
i want my kid to have papers of Germany
i want my kid to have papers of italyщ
do you remember when i failed one year
i went to a camp and didnt like
i'm tired of work
boycot all these brands
boycot all these brands
there is shour
jinxing is real
imagine we went there
study and learn then do a project
you need to work
wait a bit
lets go in bike
they increased my bills
i had a problem with my boss
learn from your skills
change the way you operate
dont you see youself despensable
hurry up
he won card game
dont cheapen people
if she came tell her no
i tell you its good to say truth
i got accepted
but i found studying there hard
in the last year they organized a party
this party had many students
i built a house in the coubtry side
choose where to build a pool
there is no availbele place in pool
dont stay depressed cheer up
the crissi will go
i lost a prediction
i lost in gamblign
last time i gamble
go have a run in the beach
i will eat paela
your kids grew up well
you have well educated kids
listen to me well
its only Tuesday remaining
i had big trees
my mom yelled at me yesterday
go visit your aunt
its okay you know your mistake
aklways support your team
assist your lesson
be strict with you kids
a man has one year prostate cancer
a woman has one year breast cancer
weight in this suitcase please
read this text of rules
press the button
you need living certificate
i have a bad time
you need good behaviour
i need to answer py phone
dont have clothes of travel
you dont listen to me
i trust a boy but he scammed me
its been a while i want to travel
come at my house
welcoem the guests
my gandma gave me money
when you go to me dont stress please
guess how much i get paid
as i enter the boss will give me my pay
i hid my stuff for children
when they enter dont stay silent
dont vote for him he is a scammer
i suspecious of one person
he is the one that took my money
be fair
be judgementaa
you are dirty 
always clean your face
all my family will gather for the event
i cant fast i'm sick
i can't fast i'm sick
after ramadan i will fast
i have learned to cook
if i told you to jump 
i wil ltake my money from bank
this bank has too many problems
dont borrow to buy sheep
if you cant buy sheep dont
my bosss is a nice person
i like people who do charity
before i die i  will do charity
i will take myaprents to elder palce
i always take care of my parents
make you kid shut up
the player played for long
jump from window
one charger has exploided
i will never marry
its been 5 month i'm sick
i took many meds
no med healed me
even if i'm sick i cook for my family
i need to clean my house
we dont have money 
my husband makes a living
this match will not end
he has a mixture
you need to get accustomized
always pray before exam
the brakes didnt work
i have a kid 
i made a garden
respect your parents 
russia invaded ukranya
be good to people
be good
i canceled my contract
dont lie its not good and be humble
i'm bagging my meds
i will ask someone to save me
everyone is deaf
some robbers invaded me
they took all my golds
they gave me a boudra
i had nothing i could do
yesterday the cop arrested me
i went to the court
she asked me to swear an oath
perserve all your clothes
perserve all your clothes
all clothes are enormous
i had a bad time with my kid
this girl is too cute
carry this heavy stuff
i got hurt yesterday
just forget i will never go back
you lived with your step mom
my wife tried living there
find a good house 
i want house to be furbished
this house we will buy
my mother will find me a spouse
i want to marry from my family
i will name my daughter marwa
i will name my kid rayane
dont expose yourself
i apologized for my wife
dont repeat this mistake
postpone your job for tomorrow
help your brother this time
i will take my pay
dont touch the button
i met yesterday my cousin
i want to study abraod
i want to be a lawyer
this job is beneficial
this boy is reliable
he wants a cafe machine
i dont like to drink coffee from a broken machine
everyday i eat egg
the police sent a team to spy on me
i tell you to rest assured
your car has no problem
we fixed the problem
apply this rule
I missed a late penalty
i will ask the client
some conditions took time
hopefully he wont decrease the pay
i'm working diligently
select the phone you want
dont put yourself in problems
mind your job
he took my money
i made a problem with my cousin
i found hil searching my phone
solve this exerccie
its been a while now
finally we see the country improving
dont curse
enjoy company of better people
do you know who is the criminal
notice how he tackles defenders*
we need to bring this kid to the team
spend however you like
who cares will be safe
do a promotion to your product
you will sell you
i broke the juice bottle
dont be too trustful
say important stuff
give me the bag please
the pants fit
try to solve the exercice
you will study abraod
dont bring gifts
i wil ltake him to hadanaщ
all the nught i stayed up
i love my wife
my wife health is getting bad
she is on bad health
this shirt is for 200dh
this boy is sick
if you wanna know which phone look how much charge
your record is full of criminal activity
record waht he said
all your talk is scheduled
gimme money or i take you to prison
i found a new dribble
i'm getting promoted in the team
one year and i wil lget along
fix all the contracts
my teacher busted me cheating
the techaer saw me chating
dont blame me
i did nothing
fix this problem please
you have many papers to sign
you have many problems to sign
we need to start our project today
we cant be late any longer
this doctor is annoying
this doctor is deep
i will never go back
advise me how to treat my wife
eat well 
we cant invite you at us
i need to find raising for project
to build an hospital you need funding
my wife fled the house
my wife told me to raise my kids
i like to occupy orphans
the boss invited me
i will spend my money
the problem got messed up
i dont know wha tto do
lets go back to home
i hate jam
invest in the internet
its been years i'm investing in bitcoin
you shoud win this marathon
i drive any car
i dare you to bring a swagger
he saw me crying
wire my money to the bank
he shot me with a gun
there is no safety in the country
you have a weapon in house
my mom is making good sheets
i will watch over my kids
cercle this sentence
the first sentence is the answer
i did bad
many time i go to court
try to undersatnd me
i dont think so
i'm getting angry
what will you name your boy
what will you name your girl
its been a while i didnt get pay raise
prepare money for travel
strengthen yourself
try some of this its delicious
dont eat junk food
my grandma invited me for rfisa
today i'm convinced of my luck
he invited me for school
mix the juice before you drink it
go heal yourself first before you travel
the boy did vaccine
remove this its dirty
pour the juice in the glass
i went to imprimary to get some papers
motivate the fans
god helped me exam
i stoke my nephew
my neighbor sued me yesterday
my neighbor is too noisy
my neighbor fixed his house by night
he works at nighr
is this kid reliable
gimme my phone please
i dont know why the tv is always working
always the family help me in vacation
i buy good houses
tie the dog please
i will renovate the house
i'm afraid he wont be returning
go and never back
you are slow
slow down
i want to get a tan
i hate to be white
he has no blood
behave ell
learn to talk
you dont pay rent
i will take a bank loan
we have too many meering today
we didnt think much
toubkal is highest summit
i wil lclim toubkal
you cant sleep too much snoring
he should see a doc
what do you think
i like this bag a lot
you cant get monkeys
countries they eat cats
your blood should match
today there is a riot
my glass of milk spill
dont flex
dont send your photos to anyone
the play made you
i dont agree with you
dont complain too much
go wash to pray
appeal to sentence
i will help myself
my shirt got bad
i will buy new shirt
dont apply meds
we want the flower to be normal
go work with you cousins
my mother didnt made any juices
i like to drink seomthing cold
i need to make juices
dont exaggerate
all this nothing happened
call the surfer
i will help her
tie your neck tie
i will find sun glasses
warm the water please*
we need to go next week
make a good makeup
wash of good clothes
give off your money to kids
think for him
stop talking too much
a dog bit two girls
i helped a man in wheelchair
dont yell at your kids
the teacher should not yell at his students
the baby should breaseat
find a good  house taker
thsi cream isnt sufficient
the water isnt sufficient
i like to race
i put the bottle in fridge
you need to go to hospital
go help your husband
my pay is reduced
i was good with him
be strict with you kids
go heal you sick
you became too old
look how much he is inside his mom
dont be near to me
i'm making my clothes
i cant tell of these colors
he wants me to drop the case
i will extend the contract
you amde me dizzy
go reserve a hotel
invite guests
dont give up yet
the state gives taxis support
delte this message please
i will take photo in beach
i took photos at mountain
i will export fruits
i build a house and i rent it
say bad stuff
always criticize
if you follow me i will make you look bad
dont interrupt me
always gamble
cookies home made taste better
i will fry fries
you sewed this shirt well
i will fix this shirt
my uncle fooled me
he is too tricky
my frinds left me alone
i stayed last in the team
with school i became too lean
take the charger
revise your choice
go walk its healthy
the car is broken
do you have chicken for sale
i want some cats to sell
next week we inherite
go show your cousin the farm
the exam didnt get leaked
dont aim at me with a big rock
i ate sand
the sea is not stable
the waves hit me
his hair is full of sand
i got an invitation from court
i emptied pool 
dont forget to soften your skin
put your phone and go study
go back my son to you house
dont stay wandering outside
we miss you come to us
sit down you are anoying
peel the pairs
my mother rewarded me
my mom supports me
i dont sleep like people
best this is to be compassionate
mu husband should be careful
my wife should be careful
we will not beg to you
you are too messy
you are arrogant
dont be greedy
if you have money give some
be patient
my kid shocked me with this mark
my kids should behave well
the best in class stays sleep
the worst in class always laugh
dont be pessimistic 
be optimistic
this girl is cute
she trust everything she heard
we have in family a deaf we always find problems
yesterday we helped him cross the road
i need to yell to be heard
a man drink too much
he became paralized
this kid is likeable
these cloths are expensive
living cost here is cheao
there is too many goodness in the country
germay needs youth
germany is old
you asked resonably
i have a specific time
i cant pass a time
allumate this place
i wil ltravel by myself
my tire god stuck
i came last in the race
i did a huge improvement
this alley is too dark
dont buy too much
my legs got skined
i colllect bracelets
the beach is too fat
the beach is too near
you are hard to deal with 
be attentive
there is an improvement
be a man and gossip
the car should be spacious
we need to reduce package
my future is in your hands
dont we too much in travel
i will rent a house
you are lucky
i found 200dh
you are wrong
i will learn arts
be good with me
you have sweet talk
i teust you dont disappoint
least thing buy him a gift
calm down a bit
i will buy a remote garage
few people dont cheat
few people look for Halal
i will make a website 
who takes bac can be homeless
your skin is soft
he is a womanzier by night
be clear xwith me
this kid is spoiled
you are given up
this cake is bitter
go work as a gardner
go work in school
go work in market
you dont know water composition
you dont know aircomposition
you should have learned this language
study in summer
kira is home
he study in his car
he study home
he studies under tree
he studied in this school
he didnt wanna learn
one year he didnt study
learn your friend advice
hear the voice of car
its broken
hear the voice of air
too much air
learn your language
learn from me
i saw my friends
i drove a car
i saw a house
i was in a tree
i saw this music
this market is good
air and water are essential
this language is complicated
they won nothing this year
i eat under the tree
i buy what to eat in market
its been a year i didnt eat
i ate in car
i ate in house
i ate at school and rank
went to house
went to car
he entered country
go breath water
go smell sea
go outside
i didnt leatn a language
i didnt go ourside
i understand water
i understand air
he explaing counting
explain to me how to count 
explain to me why he bought
explain to me how the rules
explain to me how he succeed
explain to me how to water
explain to me how to air
explain to me what to do to learn this language
explain to your friend this lesson
listen to your friend
listen under water
i cant hear tornado
i cant hear under water
hear well this sound
look under the car
i saw him entering the house
i saw him at a car 
i saw him in the market
i saw him in the market
i saw udner water
you should learn this language
its been a year i didnt eat
he ate before car
he ate before he went home
he fixed the toiklet
go fix the bed
i will go party with my friends
i will go party with my friends
i will go buy a car
i will go rest
go under the tree
go school
go market
go cook щ
go toilette
my phone was off
i was sitting at the door
i was cheating on the exam
i was peeling an apple
go to the bed
go to your friend
go to your car
i went to my car
i went home
i will go to this tree
i'm going to school
i will go to the market
i'm goint to kitvhen
i'm going to cuisine
i wanna live in a kingdom
i will walk in my room
i will go to bed
go wash your car
enter to the house
go take from tree some oranges 
go take from tree some apples
go take from tree some pairs
go take from tree some figs
go take from tree some banane
study and make your parents happy
go to market and buy for me
go to kitchen and bring me chocolate
the vase is broken
the pieces are shattered
she is angry for her uncle
bad mistakes
he is not well behaved
he is addicted to playing
dont do something worth regretting
the elephant goes by himself
the girage is too tall
the monkeys ressemble to us
i like lion
i like zebra
i hate aging
i like falcon
i like dog
i like this car
i liek lioness
thanks baby
too hot
too sweet
too delicious
too delicious
can you come to zoo now
can you com to park now
please this exercice
this is bad
god save him
i like this very much
you make a good meal
whats this meal
go no
what did you eat today
this song is good
thats what i wanted to do
the girls wanted to do this
i want to call you tomorrow
the vase is broken
studying is boring
too many people slep
his hair is falling
he is old
she suffer from fat
even if he is lean he is muscular
he has nice smile
he has nice smile
sunset is nice
sunrise is nice
this actor is nice
this painting is bad
he is reckless
the cup is full
move to next next house
this old book has a smell
learn a nice language
yo uwill work for them
everyone for himself
i will tell you what we need
to work and hurry
too many people talk
too many girl talk
the ytalk about it
he deosnt waste time
they talk about his death
a big probleme happened
a big event occured
teacher to do the exercice
when to do the exercice
teacher my young sister
my god bring her safe
the wifi isnt working
is the wifi not paid
or is it brojen
ok thanks
i will wait to work
her bad talk
i like to solve puzzles
he is late to party
i made a bad mistakes
he was shocked up
he was shocked up to work in saudia
our team is going downhill
you solve math problem quickly
the squirel is slow
your marriage was the bets day in your life
this contest brought a lot of money
i will participate to one contest
i will participate to contest of art
i will participate to foot tournament
i will participate to basketball tournament
i will participate to gold tournamene
he is a rich drug dealer
many people dont have it here
the park is the best place
they will live far from each other
she became well known
he liked seeing his family
the principal idea is good
i dont like high places
this waterfall is good
i will leave everything inside
i'm suprised of what i did
after project he is free
the news made her depressed
 I'm moroccan
 I'm spanish
 I'm algerian
 I'm tunisian
 I'm lybrian
 I'm muritanian
 I'm somalian
 I'm egyptian
 I'm senegalian
 I'm camerionian
 I'm french
 I'm italian
 I'm brazilian
 I'm argentinian
 I'm from gulf
 I'm saudian
 I'm kuwaitian
 I'm canadian
 I'm syrian
 I'm palestinian
 I'm qatarian
 I'm irakian
 I'm imartian
i will go to my friend
i will go to my grandma
i will go to my uncle
i will go to my aunt
i will go to my aunt
i will go to my uncle
i will go to my grandma
i will go to my grandpa
charge my onnexion
go drink some water
i will drink soda
i will drink beer
stay away of problems
he is a scammer
dont touch him he is sick
dont cough he is sick
dont sneeze he is sick
i have a headache
i'm tired of this lifestyle
i'm tired of life
if only she died
i hope she went to house
go beggar off
dont make noise at our house
they didnt discipline their children
the charger is no longer 
the circuit is broken
the electricity is of
the electricity is on
the cup is boiling
boil me some water
i will get tanned in the pool
the climat is weird
i received many messages
i have too much work left
i'm tired and wanna rest
this work is making me dizzy
i didnt study
write me your name 
write your name in a paper
fill out the form
go to police station
he is suscpious in the crime
my friend knew and went to police station
he told me what happened
i need a good song
this song is new
i  tried to fix the chair but i couldnt
i  tried to fix the table but i couldnt
i cant live without you
go tell her
dont exagerrate
you talk non sense
do it yourself
have you finished ?
i dont ask no one
just leave me alone
i wanna gather money
how to save money
i dont know how to save money
how to save money
i provide for my family
i dont provide for my familyu
i need nothing
you need extra hours
when will we receive the delivery
the delivery is late
i will send you
you need to run my errands
i need you in some errand
i dont work now
where do you work
where do you work
whats your jon
are you married or not
you need to marry
when will we get appy
you need a wedding
i dont look good
whats this 
i buy and sell
is it good
they started yet again
why do they do like that
its not good
they lied to you
why do you lie
i found it dropped
how much money do you need
i will pay lunch today
how did you do it
before i was naive
everything changed now
everyone is pragmatic
they exploit people
gimme a solution
 i need a solution
god save you
what will happen
there is no one who could do this
my bag is lost
i didnt say anything bad
she jinex her
she wants to separate them
buy coudlnt do nothing
she will go nothing
wasted effort
she hated her husband
you are pregnant
yesterday i didnt eat nothing
i didnt sleep from yesterday
i couldnt sleep
i think too much
i think too much
dont mind me
let me tell you something
there is not much left
when did you start
how much remain
do you remain a lot
it wouldnt end 
i dont remember
where to send this
this is easy
you will finish this 
sure 
you need to be sure
count again
money is not sufficient
where is the change
you did a counting mistakes
you paid it from you pocket
he wont remember
you are generous
you have a spot in my heart
dont think too much
im fed up
dont expect anything
they always ask me
they made him miserable
behave well
possibly
she is still young
do i come yet
there is an event
lets go to the event
i wanna sew a jelaba
where is the seamless
I need a good seamstress
how much is this job
she didnt pay me yet
give me and advance
its a responsability
you need to be patient
how much time now
go study
you need to revise your lessons
nothing rest too much
how do you find my hair
i dont knwo you
i went to her house
do i take you with me
just go with us
my eyes hurt me
my stomach hurt me
i cant open my eyes
i will go to floor
i will go get taned
i wil lgo get cold
i have allergy
i want a cat
we are bored without a job
i will apply a face mask
biggest thief
we live in same city
my sister is married
we will be courtasy
lets eat together
lets eat together
forget him
you will suffer with him
confirm my advice
you will suffer with him
they asked forgiveness
he didnt wanna let it be
he didnt wanna forgive them
they want reveange
dont be patient
we  were just kidding with you
i'm in front of the door
didnt you see me ?
where to start
lets go from this path
whats your opinion ?
dont laugh at me
i have a problem
i love them all
i tried but couldnt
come here now
what did you buy
just take it
its a gift
its on me
dont pay nothing
this is free
did you leave them alone
i want something
just this time
this is the last time
where is what i asked you
did you complete it
something isnt right
im packing my stuff
wait a bit
why you always in a rush
i couldnt help
i have no effort
why do you tell me this
look someone for help
look what you did
be mature
you grew up
i dont like this
just think
i wanna understand what happened
why they trust me
did the kids go to school
will we study today
i cant go
like the other people
pray for them
this is making me dizzy
i was dizzy today
i felt huge cold
did you receive your stuff
tell me something
my naivity did me bad
i get fooled easily
if only i was wise
i wanna make my aprents happy
i always forget your name
you like problems
i just do what you like
do what i like
i left no place
maybe something bad will happen
do you feel sick
are you stupid
they are scammers
he sings by herself
why do you talk to yourself
i will show you how to make it
show me how to make it
why are you like this
give me the goods
she gave her something
help me carry this
carry this and stop talking
if you need something tel lme
gimme money
i will go in bus
i wont go in taxi
i will go by myself
you like money
low life people
why arent you ashamed
your life got messed up
you fool
you are scamming
you are cheap
just one chair available
just one place
this place isnt sufficient for both of us
this boy is small
we want a big house
dont talk to me
think well
think a bit
are you being serious
what are you doing here
you got busted
why you tie your eyebrows
be peaceful
i cant believe it
ask me from time
you dont know who i am
he laugh with his friends
he laugh with his friends
you need to find a solution
she stops tearing up
she sits in stairs
she give them her back
this is far from you
dont interrupt me
i'm waiting for the taxi
no taxi here
is there a bus coming
i came to this place
they cant help you now
she didnt find anything
are you fooling us
are you fooling us
she is going fast
tie your hair
someone is calling
see the neighbor
go outside a bit
stay in front of mosquet
we played too much 
i played with you childhood
did you move here
why didnt you finish your studies
lets go for a walk
lets go for a walk
close the door and lets go
can you change it 
what would you do in my place
act in my place
dont you feel me
cant you feel me
they got busted
try to think
revise yourself
you look good now
is there rain tomorrow
is this work tomorow
young boys play
just drop it
just forget it
act like nothing happened
just told you
do as you wish
do as you like
this is not my business
i will ask you
go wash your hands
gimme your number
do you feel something
does something husrt you
are you sick
you need to ask them
how are there
has something happened
stay in line
mind your business
why are you arrogant
are you sick
you wrong
i'm scared
dont be afraid
everything will go well
i cried too much
i couldnt stop crying
i cant help you
i just did my bed
i'm planning to sleep
do they look good ?
your clothes are dirty
i will wash my clothes
you cant clean
let me clean for you
you make me bread
can you bake bread
i baked it before
i smell mold
are you with the firls
you live by yourself
what do you need
will you go to market
do you want food
you didnt feel full yet
do you have any news
she doesnt appear
i cant see nothing
you feel nothing
my hand is numb
say what you want
you can make it up
i just wanna understand
my head is dizzy
what happened to you 
something exploided
just lying
tell me you are kidding
i still cant believe it
a plane has dropped
i dont know what happened
pass my regards
pass my regards
tomorrow i will take the bus
she give birth today
they are looking for a name
what do they wanna name him
did you go outside
we stayed outside
we couldnt go home
this is frightening
how did you do it
no one minds
from that day they are outside
the building has fallen
they all died
they burried them
why people changed
they are confused
they didnt find him
they look for them
if you see call 
give us a call
if you want something give it a call
which day of the month now
how much rest for ramadan
when is the eid
imagine
eat food well
if you wrong ask forgiveness
its tight for me
i need to borrow money
i need month to give back money
i cant lend you
i still owe you money
its sufficient
we forsake everything
the rent is expernsive
i need house money
i wanna join lotery
thank you
i sold my gold
what remains i gave you
what do you want now
i like you
go if you dont like
we will not force you
this is good
what do you think about it
time pass fasr
they were envious
how is she beatiful
she is beatiful
what do i do now
i'm confused
gimme an idea
this doesnt require money
this is end of the week
this is end of the month
i'm broke
help me
this is a big mess
this is a big problem
she came 3 days now
we only talk small talk
we have good relationship
we dont talk
she laughed at us
give them back
you have nothing to do
dont stare at me
you didnt tell me this from begining
you became leaner
you became fater
you need to cut down food
they make me angry
my taste is bad
there is no solution with you
show me please
are we gonna repeat same talk
i told what what there is
imagine the rest
they have closed
its too late
its still time
you need to marry
dont you think of marrying
i always give 
they got greedy
the got greedy
i wanna end all
i stayed quiet
i always change my mind
did you hear what i heard
they were about to burn it
do you know what you did
this doesnt hurt honestly
i have conditions
i cant sorry
this is destiny
wanna make me sick
i will get mad
i became old
we got older
overweight make you older
i do anything in mind
i will try to finish early 
they dont know each others
i have no brothers
why are you sick
did i tell you something
why you shy
my mom will hit you
did i leave you
didnt you parents teach you
you left nowhere
i want a girl
i forgot to tell you something
he is bad
go infront of me
how much you make a day
how much you make a day
depends
time is hard
we need to agree from now
i need to marry
everything is hard stuff
nothing  comes off easy
you lie to me
i have nothing to buy
i will help you today
we are in another thing now
we are cursing
dont say curse words
be respectful
you need to negotiatie
im better than her
you are nothing like me
did i annoy you
you will work and sit down
you will bring me money
they scam you
did you sleep N
go to your house
they are looking for you
you are late
where are you going
this is not time for going out
you dont say
areyou serious
this is unbelievable
they think abt us
its too late
you come to say this
 i saw you busy
who looks for me
do you remember me
who are you
i'm a sorcerer
i have seen you
why you do this
where did you come
who sent you ?
i work with them
i will choke you
dont accuse me
what is its name
i saw the beauty entering
why are you cheap
you dropped something
take what you dropped
i hear some knocking
someone is knocking
see who came
go open door
i will not go with you
go alone
when you are at home act like you please
i'm not available now
have you seen my shirt
someone is fighting
he is making a living
dont pray on them
whats in the bag
take me with you
i will not answer
is there a house for rent
this will not help
you need to heal
hat do you study in fac
they suffer
is there any food
hows the head
what do i bring you with me
when we take lunch today
too many scammers
i will change my mind
i took my decision
where is this road
road is closed
is this path cleared
i dont lie
she is convenient
do you think you are pretty
let me speak
i need nothing
i'm confident
is that what i think
this is hard
i will go home
i miss house
something bad happened
as usual
i have a plan
i have something to tell you
i'm just plaining 
she had cats
she milks cows
they have a big farm
i drank too much water
i dont eat now
i went for him
i forgor what to do
i ate the remaining
what were you talking about
make us laugh
i wont make it longer
live with me
i will tell you
he was rich
a well known merchant
where did you bring this
they have two kids
they have two daughters
his kid is his right hand
he bring goods abroad
time passed
he was a man
everyone loved him
the people are supervising
his mom is getting sick
even sicker
she was in a coma
dying slowly
i will die shortly
many people healed
i always do good
and then
he helped porr people
there were no telephones
i 'm resting
dorget this now
sit in a chair
remember what i said
he looked but didnt find
listen here
i wanna tell you a secret
you are a man
pretty and witty
so something you like
start you project
he splits with his brothers
i did all it takes
i want you to change
dotn change
i want you to firgive me
you are not a boy
i'm not your true mom
he want to marry
i agreed with her
they changed the kid in hospital
i didnt saw her ever since
i elevated you
you are from my flesh
he was too happy
he doesnt have mood
he was annoyed
he couldnt do anything
he cried all night long
i have never felt need
its was destined
he still didnt say anything
they gathered
leave everything at you
i'm afraid
no one should know
where will i find this type
dont bother yourself
arrange a  time with her
thats what happened
i want you to find my fam
on one condition
this is corruptious
they were born in the same time
she didnt give me a clue
the game is 
its getting bad
but i know all of this
lucky them
she asked about it in school
he moved from cities
he retired
its getting clear
she told her everything
what gonan do now
it was about to end
he is getting dizzy
he is getting exposed
i gave back the car
i couldnt stop crying
the sun hit me
what do you think now
should i confess
no its no suitable
its a bit unfair
we need to confirm
gimme a bit of time
she is smiley
she followed him
she is in the beach with her friends
this is the opportunity
she laid down
they were swimming
i have few days
if you wanna go outside
she finished talking
keep talking
i'm waiting to receive
whats the thing now
let go now
they are inviting her friends
she will go in her car
they are similar
you understand wrongly
she started crying
you need to meet your sister
this time we will see what to doo
you know now everything
what are you waiting now
give the heritage
i have never had similar experience
have you ever heard of it
your brain will stop
you got it clearly
who did it ?
dont forget
he was a merchant
with whom he go
with whom he comes
the project is improving
he studies
we came just today
we came yesterday
we came last week
we came morning
the kitchen is bih
i like inviting people
i like cooking
let it cool down
he ate a big sanswish
i wanna right my book
he passed 20 years in prison
how many books you read
the results have shown
you came in time
i like to stay alone
with what we start
life of single
dont drink anything
we ended that
he doesnt wanna work
i was in a gathering
i like to fix problems
i cant fast
i like to do half
i will not forgive you
have you got your lesson
she fooled him
i changed now
i cant judge him
i wanted to suicide
i cant suicide
they did your dirty
i dont like to show them
they fought
many casualties
young kids
they make money
i will leave my seat
bad for telling
time has passed
theend of month
do you have that
dont you know other people
didnt people sleep
is this going out time
they dont know lunch
i like to be responsive
answer fast
you are late
i'm i going to wait
i saw them passing here
i tought he is a foreigner
he is from our country
why are you saying this
this is not something you say
sorry
dont curse
say something nice
lets get on good terms
have you tried it
i woke up
you were mixing up
he is not 
he is busy
send him
why is he absent
is that clear
its not clear
rexplain please
its clear
i dont need to explain
i think of you as my brother
you are like a sister
talk a bit
we didnt understand
we will separate the house
i live with my home
they are good with us
they bring me whatever
i need to work
is there any job
they sleep in streets
rain is about to xcome
she lived in another country
send me money
they have money
who told you this
god is the giver
i'm married 1 yaer now
go see the doc
confirm it
how mych you pay
too much work
i dont like it
we are doing charity today
we invited people
you didnt call me
i was working
it is
you got motivated
you crossing the boundries
i was planning to sit
the plan is worse
dont turn
dont turn explicitely
dont loook behind
you are disappointing
her hair is falling
i'm going now
 i was annoyed
he was afraid
how to record this
did you get paid
i was carinf for your
i try to fix it
you irritated me this morning
i will come to you
you repeat my words
are you okay ?
its like you look for an argument
i'm not compatible to you
you are a naive
you like getting in a fight
what do you do in life
our life is passing
i send message and it goes
are you afraid to eat it
just ask us
we met him
everything from my side
what will you add
you confirmed my advice
you confirmed my advice
you forgot your origin
have you forgotten you origin
the things are empty
i'm waiting for you
i have a problem
he is afraid
i'm crying
i never studied
i have no money
we are simple people
we are poor
we are modest
dont think too much
live simply
any good news
i wanan take you advice
he works well
he is modest
she envies her friends
stop thins
i'm too mad
do what you could
just dont be reliable
nothing will last
you are welcome
call his husband
knock well
we will go tomorrow
we will go to forest
drink water well
drink slowly
we will escape from school
lets go watch
we went to roof
you will see my other half
you were my love
life with you is miserable
i didnt think you are a fool
you dont let it pass
you cant go in there
that place is for men
they buy from thrift shop
mix a bit
fix you stuff
change your style
everuone talk abt it
i was fooled in exam
first time i travel
i never traveled
how to behave with ehr ?
i sweatr to god
this talk is inevitable
i have no more stamina
finally
say it from begining
i will make him suffer
this is my life
witness me
i didnt meant to separate
he broke with me
i dont wanan broke 
i will take reveange
he married
i wont have suffered
she didnt tell me
you didnt 
god help you
i well take you
i will do whatever please you
you are schemy
i have wedding tomorrow
i need new dress
i need to go to dresser
stay put
how to do wirhout you
i cant live without you
life without you is nothing
i was afraid more than you
how was your day
are you tired ?
was the work too much
do you want them now
i won against you
where did yoi come
why do you mingle too much
we look alike
I'm looking for a house
im not doing well
you need to study well
leave me alone
leave me alone
you left your spot
your place is empty
where is the landlord
reduce sound
everything will go easy
her smell is bad
there is half hour left
we had a nice plan
she walk again
she cant stand
i was gentil with you
i'm respectful
they respect people
this is too much respect
kids play footall
he run amongst them
he cut the ballon
why do we love people
you laugh without feeling it
you have lived this
he can do will with you
dont let them 
dont be naive
dont be naive
he is well known
control yourself
you talk a lot
he is a spy
i read books
i'm from your family
we grew together
we like to be like him
it will suit you
war errupt
u abuse me
its cold
tell me something
hat do you want
we are a hard people
we are angry
are you angry
i prefer to sit
i dont have time
we need to get each other
this opportunity isnt easy
we can take a shortcut
i'm against this idea
he need to try
i learn from big guys
i will take some ideas
go burry yourself
i saw a nice video
i do'nt know
i think he is nice
this is what im seeing now
when will i tell you this
you didnt learn
they kept metalking
we sat
stay there
go to him
explain to him
this is what 
how to start
how to do it
its at the same time
let the people talk to him
if you feel easy do it
leave me alone
somehing maddening me
we are afraid
we are well elevated
i say the trutj
from my pov
we dont get fooled
i didnt know
its good to argue
he said nothing
he lives happily
i eat bread and tea
so no one says anything
i dont plan to like
i live to appeal
i do anythng with ease
how do you see life ?
life is calme
there is someone who is fool and sitting
he give up
he become lazy
rarely when he move
i go out a lot
you eat a lot
he is got the first place in marathon
he slipped and got broken
reality is something else
he contracted another team
no one has show up for the party
sometimes when i walk
we will go on trip
he did go to a school trip
he is learning by himself
they study only at home
you study at home
you need to move forward
do not move backwards
bring me something to eat
i want to drink soda
where i can wash my hand
please i want it cold
please i want it warm
i don't want leftover from yesterday
she is cooking
i left them sleeping
are they working today ?
they are not working today ?
what time they close ?
what time they open ?
from time to time when he go aboard
he went aboard to enjoy summer vacation 
i want to wash my hand
give me someting to clean
where i can pay 
how much it cost 
to your health
don't forget to visist me another time
did you enjoy my food
this is delicious
what do you want me to change in my personnality ?
i know that you do not like me
you are a complicated person
i want to develop my personality 
she is stubborn
you will meet a lot of people
you will learn a lot of things
you will suffer
visit us from time to time
don't forget to visit me
i miss you 
let's go shopping
cross the street
look right
look left
look up
you need to discipline yourself
where is the cashier
i want to pay cash
pay in the cash register
give me your card
we do not accept credit card
we accept cash
they did win the game
we won the trophy
he did go to another city
bring something new
i'am eating riz
he is going with his wife
his teeth are  fallling out
they are dancing
i enjoy looking at nature
you will like this movie
i'am wearing earphones
earphones are damaged
he will not hear you
we are different
i like romantic movies
i do not like action movies
i do not like comedy movies
i like science fiction
i do not like horror story 
smile for the camera
take a pose so i can take a picture of you
he receive him in the palace
we need to change the plan 
we take a part in tournament
we need a lot of players
no one has agreed
everyone declined 
i play on phone
i read on phone
he stood up in front of the judge
he got life sentences 
why are you tiring yourself
i did henna
she tatto with henna
he went to get engaged
this game is famous
grab it with your hand
this virus is dangerous
this virus is spreading very fast
we need to take precautions
you need to examine your health
this disease is contagious
don't be afraid it's not contagious
he is tired of running
he is breathing strongly
they make people afraid
why are you not focused
i will go with you to whatever you want
when i was at your age
mimic a voice
they race with cars
they race with bikes
they race with motorcycles
cut with knife
cut with chainsaw
lend me and i wil give it back soon
we are eating dinner outside
this hurt my feeling
what you said did hurt me
they want to punish him
i haven't passed much time
i did pass 
we are betting money
we are playing in the stadium
i do not gamble
he like gambling
he locked himself up in his room
he passe time alone
i watch tinis
did the first half has ended
the first half ended
the second half ended
he couldn't finish
they won the league
he won the gold medal
i won silver medal
he is the world champion now
they investigate him
like me
follow my page
share this
i'am watching youtube
i need money
you are free to do what you want
i'am looking for this item
he worth nothing
you can pity me now
they are doing warm up
he fel in the hole
this is destined to happen
your face is glowing
have faith
he is a hypocrite
the men nature is difficult
he is envious
he defend his own interest
i'am just warning you that's all
keep it to yourself
don't take people opinion intro considerations
go to pray
go worship god
we do this for allah blessing
do not worship another god
follow the righteful road
i'am talking to my friend
i don't need your opinion
this isolate sound
he look generous 
may god extend your lifetime
i felt the earthquake
i'am cooling down in the rooftop
we all gonna die at the end
ask god
he is oppressed
her husband has died
his husband has died
the mind peace is the happiness
save a little bit
this is for your own sake
i fear god
my heart is pure
i have hearth disease
i have sciatica
he works in the radio
he went to get scan done
he got examined by a doctor
he brought a sheep
i'am eating minced meat
i want cow minced meat
i want fish minced meat
i won't come tomorrow
he bought sleep sirop
he want sleep drug
he went to the market
use your brain
glue it
i lost my card
he want to do analysis
he went to laboratory
i'am wearing uniform
come i want to talk to you
i'am not intrested in you anymore
i won't pardon you
you did it on purpose
i was born here
"when we were younger, we played "
we did grow up together
until now we didn't do anything
house was burned
he got paralyzed
i want something average
how many rooms in the house ?
pardon me i will persent you my friend
i want to fix your families
kill the mouse
the phone has fallen into the water
why did you came back
he got rich
he went to old people care place
a difficult idea
my familiy is notorious
they manipulate you 
bring me the suitcase from the car
she give birth yesterday
it softn skin
they are shooting a film
where do you go every day
i want to talk to the director
i want to signup in this
tell me where to go
he swim in the river
i'am talking about me
look from the window
do you want to go out with us today
why are you arrogant 
humble a little bit yourself 
i did not find the taxi
how much you sold the car
how much you bought the car
how do you want it to be
you shouldn't swear
don't say bad words
i want to fix my teeth
i want to do bracelets
do you have insurance
marry a foreigner
he want to get his paper done to go aboard
do you need something
test that one
everyone has his own luck
he is a thief
give me something to eat with
do i need to eat with spoon
wash your clothes
where is the washing service
i want to wash my car
where is the washing machine
i want to wash my clothes
choose something good
it is unusable
you have nothing to do
he got tired in the road
he want to chil up a little bit
i have the same idea
i can't remember where i  did see you 
i have bad memorie
i can remember everything
i have a good memorie
he is tired 
he can't recall things
you are forcing yourself
that's all
not realistic
he rarely talk
i don't eat eggplant
i found the store closed
estimate a measure
i don't know what to do
he stuck with himself
do hardwork
he is close to dying
the election are close
they don't speak up
they hate each other
a big politician
i don't like light
he is an obediant servant
i have many conditions
what are your conditions
i'am not aceepting this
everything is based on him
he did go throught crisis
we need to solve those problems
do you have some time 
you need to prove it
this is illegal
this is legal
he disappeared yesterday
they did kidnap him 
i respect no one
i respect them all
they did vote on him in election
they turn on him
why are you turning your face
why did you turn on me
sitting here is not allowed
sitting here is  allowed
smoking here isn't allowed
you should start the initiative
i speak to you long time ago
why are you taking space from me
why are you repeating
i agree with you
do not follow him
the rate of jobless is increasing
thieft is increasing
why are you trouble maker
you need to be diplomate
he manipulate him with talk
this space is for working
i wort at district
you need to ask me for opinion
think about it 
do you need people to help
i need someone to help me
she need someone to help her
we need to help each other
we plan to marry
they manipulate them with talks
i couldn't think
i follow the system
this is the last episode
resign from work
i want to resign from work
where did this come from
i need to cut my hair
welecome again
we ne need to draw a line to this 
bring with you the
do not publish in your page
i forgot the key
i forgot his name
i forgot the number
i won't come
i won't come for motocycle
tell them to come
thank you for the visit 
i want to make an appointement
i have an appointement today
he cancelled everything
they did not give him his rights
he begin to wake up
he will understand
you need to understand
entry is not allowed
exit is not allowed
enter or exit
push the door to open
risk your life
risk yourself
take your precautions
wear the mask
desinfect your hand
give me the desinfector
i run out of phone credit
send me phone credit
we are early
i went straight to home
it is calm there is no disturbance
i opened the door and i entered
say bismilah
say hamdolah
focus on the objective
whatever happen 
i did make my bed
i sleeped in my bed
i turned my phone off
i listen to the Quaran
l learn Quaran
you did bring it on yourself
he want heritage
you need to take action
he grow up with his grandmother
they teach him very well
why is it to much
life is hard
they honor him at the work
he got promoted
i'am younger then you
i'am older then you
the local doctor
this is strange for me
he don't have the courage
he don't have consicense
they plow the earth
they plant the earth
made aboard
she did not succeed 
he did leave them
they did leave them
like nothing
this is nothing
you will know my worth
hang them in the door
jump a line
he is not an honest men
his eyes sight is gone
check your pocket
you must well revise
i'am writing an article
i want to print some paper
i'am going to the printer
he is working for money
they took his money
only god can give you wealth
we need to search throughly
don't take into consideration appearances
you need to know how to speak
your thongue will make you trouble
don't stay for long time
this is well knowen
he went to butcher
he is looking forbrique
he want brique to construct
he went to pay for electricity
he went to pay for water
they cut him out of water
they cut him out of electricity
i want a lighter
does he have cigarette
give me cigarette
he went to play 8-ball
they play cart
he gamble
he is looking for rent
i cut my jean
i'am looking for a snack
he is walking with sheep
he drink alcohol
this is not the time for this
give your family some time
wait i will think about it and get back to you
i have nothing to loose
we will loose something ?
i will try to solve it
if you will we go
you don't have trouble
if you want we could go
he have trouble at work
not in your interest
not in your interest
he knows well
her mom effect her
he have doubt
that will not succeed
leave it until the situation is calm
i will arrive to take you
remember it
don't say you haven't finish yet
i did what i have to do
the situation is not good
i will end the call now
he stayed in the street
come it's cold out there 
don't stay  out for long time
it's raining
i try to sleep
i coudn't sleep anymore
she is doing the routine
i went down
i'am in good mood today
i'am in good mood
she went to the kitchen to cook
she speak with her daughter
i'am thinking what to do
i'am preparing what to eat
she thinks a lot
i like the yellow part of the egg
eat your breakfast at peace
i'am fasting today
she kiss her mom
he went to  work in the morning
we are in war
i'am always one step ahead
i'am always listening to him
she want to play with your emotions
there is so many kind
i don't have capital
i don't like your reaction
i will need you in the future
i need someone to manage the store
manage the store until i come back
take care of the children
this what we were talking about
he is sitting comfortably
this is new
you just screwing things up
why are you suprised?
this exactly what you have said
leave him rot
i'am printing pages of country where i lived
if someone write or ask in english i will respond in english
if someone write or ask in darija i will respond in darija
if someone write or ask in french i will respond in french
everyone write in the language who is comfortable with
we have saided many time
there are some language who are princiales
you have right to speak whatever language you want
they speak english mostly
not everyone understand
add to that
it is difficult not everyone will understand it and read it well
especially in latin alphabets
speak with the language you want
don't force us to speak with the language you want
because we have people here
we are different
i'am always searching using this site
i don't have to make a post
not everyone speak it well
i don't know why honesty is bad
from other side 
there is a lot of strangers here
but it's good from another point
he will not understand
i imagine people face when they read this
i will speak about myself first
i don't write a lot using this language cause it's difficult
sometime i don't know what to write
and when i want to read someone post
i don't read it well
it seems easier to look for something in here
even if you are not local
because not everyone is invited
we are interested in moroccan culture
they want to know how people are
and it is the same time
it's better everyone understand
he is flexing only
people come rarely here
it is difficult for him to read in latin alphabet
those people who say if you want money go work
this is sacred and unique place
only for deep and special people
there is no difference
it is weird
listen closely
open your ears and listen well
he started from zero
i'am still confused
partner up with me
partner up with me
i won't find better then you 
why are you whispering
i think to move up here permanetly
did something happen to you
thiswon't work for me
there is no one to keep me here
we will travel together
you don't speak with strangers
i don't speak with strangers
do something that will benefit you
work on yourself 
i don't know how to swim
grab my hand
he wanted to bluff her
he left him wih nothing
that's a good advise
leave it until we make time for it
we will discuss this 
he still confused
don't play us
this does not come from nothing
i want to make my own business
this motivated me
he is playing with words
he don't pay taxes
why are you breathing strongly
oh god what comfort
this is what i want
he want to scam me
don't touch my hand
don't trust people
the engagement is off
i'am not comfortable with this decision
change the subject
when this has happened
when did you get married
he did call me yesterday night
this is written in another language
anything comes to your mind
i speak with my friend
this where i arrived
sum up everything
give me total
did you comeback from work
i will give work to another one
good continue
good work
i sent you a stick
i'am thinking what to write
what did you do
he was in a rush
when he arrived he found them gone
he took the bus in the night
he like to travel alone
this is good news
you got me to threw up
bring the drum we will chill up
hit the drum
he love her a lot
he love him a lot
she dance very well
make some the
bring the plate
i'am alone in the house
i want to ask you
go take the plate
this is unacceptable
are you insane
he threw him into the ground
she did found out
he will make you regret
this is old
come on do the work
this is an evil plan
we want to make some cake
i feel sleepy
why are you coughing
what are you saying
we meet at the corner of the street
he wear normal clothes
they gossip people
they watch people come and go
he have nothing to do
he is jobless
what you said make me laugh
how i can comfort myself
he is harassing her
why are you flexing
why are arrogant
humble yourself
this place is dirty
be a man
go to work
i won't try again
i did warn you
this is my bestfriend
what this impoliteness
why are you been impolite
leave me alone
why are not interested
stop this childness
someone is yelling
come on i only want to talk to you
why are up early?
don't ruin your mood
this bread leftover
sit beside me
i like olive oil
i don't like besara
i will find a job
i will pass the interview
you will repeat it again
i had enough with your talk
lift your head
i will make money
you never be disappointed
take care of yourself
wash in the sink
fix this in the wall
you are gossiping
whywrong with you
clap for him
this will not happen again
turn the bleutooth on
you need to be a bluffer
you need to take advantage of leiseur time
you need to focus
why are you playing with your eyes
i'am little bit afraid
present yourself
okey go prepare yourself
give him money
you relieved me
you give him some much value
tomorrow i will ask for you
from my point of view i don't agree
am i late 
what i can do in this situation
why are you sweating
who is the manager
i'am hungry is there anything to eat
i don't feel sleepy
speak to him polietly
sorry for making you tired
i live behind you
i never saw you here
welcome to the work
why are you not paying attention
i don't want to sound rude
you need to put efforts
i will be late
i just want to ask you 
be patient you can't do nothing
call this number
my phone is off
why are you in dispute
did you reconciled
why are you upset
come to pass the weekend with us
what this yelling
who damaged the door
we meet at university
the windows are closed
leave it until we have time for it
who did this to you
they won't notice
i need to go to home now
will you keep feeling pity for me
who are you ?
you know who is this
what will do know
are you insane
there is no place to hide from them
can i sit beside you
why are you tough
i come rarely to this place
i can't risk it
do you need something
this story is weird
who name you
you look polite
he respect people
what are you thinking
follow me from behind
your face does not look good
why are you confused
i lost the road
i go shower then sleep
are you thirsty
you make me angry
don't you feel sleepy
this days i go to bed late
do something that will benefit you
swear to god
don't do like yesterday
we shouldn't count on you
no one come
sitting in living room
sitting in the hall
why are you not focused
speak well
sit well
don't make me angry
everthing will be fine
no need to worry
i was just saying
we can't get enough of this meetup
what do you want now
he will arrive soon
they are a lot of strangers here
follow i will show you something
this is holiday i have no place to go
why are you crying
i will bring it with me
what do you want to do
i did cause a scandal
don't complain to me
why are you complaining
you felt tired 
you are worthy of nothing
you are repeating the same thing
i will sent it to you
i need someone to help me throught this crisis
why are you upset
i'am just resting i do nothing
give me my rights
what happened
i want to rest a little bit
you did not notice anything
for your sake i did this
are you fooling me
not your business
this is my life i will do what i want with it
i have some news for you
i guess he did forget
don't take him into consideration
discuss the subject with him
don't dream
be patient i will tell you
let this day end well
you need to ask us for opinion
why are you stubborn
what do you want again
listen attentively
i want you only good things
i will take you
i never remember this
i want you to be better then me
you understand each other very well
try with him you loose nothing
you can report the trip
what did you not understand
leave me alone
are you serious
i'am i the only one
you will never get married
go do something
close the door
what are you saying
bring with you groceries
my bones hurt
she bride her hair
make us tea
gathering around illegal things
i didn't like it
will he ever comeback ?
the dinner is cooking
he did go to study
i'am going to city
what are you grabbing with your hand
i tought that you have forgot
i will never forget
does something bother you
god will never disappoint you
you will reach your goals
i will take care of my business
let me explain
i thought he is a thief
i didn't like your voice
this is not good
i want you to do something for me
you need to sign contract today
take the key with you
give me the key
i like working with you
don't make me regret
i don't want to get embarrassed
do only your duty
enter to the administration
she is grabbing his hands
step by step
we walk slowly
he is joking
everything suits you
don't flatter me
god bless you
you can't imagine my happiness today
i will call when i go out
i will call you if i need something
okey no need to worry
think about and get back to me
you don't know what will happen
call me when you go out of the work
can you come now ?
i woud like to eat a pizza right now
i will send you the adress
don't make excuse because of work
i don't want to get late
are you close to arrive
the electricity cutt off yesterday
i didn't wake up in good form
redemption to god
stay away of hypocrite
he didn' t answer me
i will give you an answer before tomorrow
call him again
the only solution you have is to go aboard
this is similaire
i wait to get better
we need to play a game
this is a diaster
your reaction is strong
we are prepared
take bread to the oven
don't fool me
i don't know where to start
i want to move up here permanetly
i will wait for your answer
there is still a blockage in the road
we did not find where to pass
we need to change the plan
it is difficult to know and to say the truth
based on the mood
don't laugh at me
this all fabricated
you run out of tricks
not my area of expertise
they need to do their job
this is your role
what coming gonna be hard
only god know
it's okay to be afraid from time to time
we need to help each other out 
we need to stick together
sleep outside
this is not easy
he will fall
fix it well
this is good content
go and think
change your mentality
how much you have
i did not succeed
let him express himself
this is the plan
this place is airy
i like this
i give you a lot of opportunity
i have a question for you 
they beat him up
cut your relationship with them
draw lines
i don't want to loose you
not what you think
i have changed a lot of thought
this is a lot i did not understand
the biggest problem i ever had
the value is not in the talk
my back hurt
she did kinsotherapie
i don't like myself
you are not focused
i felt like i dream
you repeat the same thing
you need to express what you been holding in your heart
sport is very important
i have started exercices a long time ago
don't give up continue
i stopped smoking
i stopped drugs 
i started a long time ago
i know why you started
are you studying
you know everything
you jump
i passed the test
i run in the forest
i developped endurance
i exercise very well
don't stand
soccer isn't hard
i think you won't live
what it called
we all the same
god is greater
we will discuss it now
this is not working
i have two options
i come everyday
i go with bike
i'am out of energy
my father is a soldier
he isn't good at football
he did understand the plan
the exercice is tought
this business is not for me
you need to know how to face yourself
i shoot with camera
the first thing i did in my life
i catch him alive
i begin to know her very well
i learned by myself
i don't know something like this
i been doing this from my early age
i did find it weird
i'am video editing
i like video editing
i will stay here
i come to home early
i begin to learn step by step
you will die laughing
it's shame you turned your face
people don't watch him very often
don't suprise them
who gonna help you
this is good answer
how you pass your day
i'am watching a tv show
we discussed everything
i have many followers
pay attention to your study
i posted a story in the summer
give me your url
not the same
don't fool me
i belived in this
i still remember
i don't like this type of question
this is not possible
who create this?
this what got me to start over
this is a scandel
this is good
you surpassed my expectation
i like your style
nice design
this is new
another way
this is not work 
i watched him lately
how much is the percentage of success
estimate
your are so close
i don't like the product
what he consume
it take so much energy
people only care about buying
let's go pass some time
come listen to this podcast
this cost us a lot
tell me how to do it
it will cost you nothing
we stayed for a long time
i'am only writing
i will publish a book
you won't always know the truth
people are enjoying
we want to make money
what you think in content creation
he is looking for fame
no one know this
i want to ask you a question
i need more time
where he did go ?
i will pay with my life
how are your families
don't follow money
think about it before you speak
something happend to me
he have 
you don't need to say this
we understand each other even if we are different
i defend my idea
it wasn't my intention to provoke you
this is bullshit
no one has asked me about my origin
he is proud of his culture
eveyone do as he please
i lived with them for a long time
i'am just starting my life
i lived in that society for a long time 
i don't speak politic
change the subject
i'am not  in the mood
defend your right
we won't find this
there is a problem in the system
some people won't like this
i will post a video
i only deal with dollars
they don't like comedy
Introvert People
she will become a strong country
don't pass the line
don't yell at me
i coudn't apprehend this
something positive
this is not good
we do a comparaison
let people sleep
go to sleep
far away from the center
this episode is good
what relationship between them
do as he please
i will not stop him 
i want to ask you about your families
it's been a long time since i saw them
you look like an actor
everyone has his own problems
the sunset is beautiful
count on god
a good point
do the hardwork
don't do it
give us your word
challenge yourself
trust yourself
walk one step ahead
only god can give you money
i don't like to repeat myself
there is a problem
always start with the basics
you need to develop yourself from zero
this is wrong
you will stay in your place
she made his life harder
fear strip you from a lot of things
what are the details
i need someone to advise me
a lot of things look harder
this area is dangerous
you don't how to yell
this could kill you
this will benefit you
don't go in this road
i'am afraid
what will happen to you
you don't benefit from life
we try to discover ourself
you changed a lot
look for another rent
i feel a weird sensation
i tried really hard to convince you
you need to start
he is afraid of failure
go do a conference
there is a lot of possibility
you doubt her
no doubt about it
speak in front of people
i have an idea
don't try
who opressed other ?
it doesn't require a lot of efforts
i study to benefit
do something that will benefit you
what is the scenario now
sit and think about it
it is a nice experience
meet new people
i never did it
it may seem good it may seem bad
he did insult me
do as you please
if you have an idea share it with us
i feelt pain
he is afraid that people gonna laugh at him
you need to overcome your fear
we will drive you 
i haven't done anything in my life
i have many experiences in life
you know how to speak
did you well prepare what to say
sit in the front
sit backward
let me drive
life is nice
consider this idea
you  are hard on yourself
the only thing you do is playing with phone
i can't work today
how they work ?
i will tell you a story
this is dangerous subject
even if you don't like me
we living the hard life
this talk hurt
it's hard financially
it's hard emotionally
this is a big scandel
this is the first time it happend
don't accept her
i wish it only a rumor
this is a diaster
it's shameful to do that
it contradict  good manner
oh god this is shameful
how the story started ?
how the story ended ?
let me continue
what she saying
he couldn't tell the future
everyone is feeling this 
there is nothing between them
share this video with me
guess how much ?
don't explain to me
you only estimate
don't be stingy
whatever you decide to do is good
he went to bring water from the water fountain
he have a lot of ressources
he have a good relationship with his neighbor
i know you have dignity
this happen
i'am experienced
what bring you back
there is a lot of causes
i go throught a crisis
i like this domain
i like to be with people
i don't like to live alone
not everyone know
it is very hard to live aboard
there some people that are successful at everything
it is destined to go
i live with unmarried people
his life has changed
give yourself a value
take precautions
this is very old
study to improve your knoweldge
this is a difficult path
may god give us money
i learned a lot from him
don't disagree with him
oh god what i'am gonna tell you 
this life is weird
i always talked to them
i would like to go out in this atmosphere
this is not ours
is there some result or not
nothing is free
it already happened to me
he got a lot of views
he will go up quickly
i'am searching someone who has the same mindset as me
it's not trending
history is written by the winner
you are gathering for something stupid
he run in his blood
do you know what i'am talking about
this is good plan
from one point it'is right
this is good point
he doesn't have the will to go
he don't have foundation
whenever i see her
she walk well
a song that i liked
this is not a good plan
i make good video
follow me
like my post
fame is with us
no one will remember you
he have a lot of fan
do it it's good
i don't have many followers
this all look different to me
is there a movie that talk about this
rewatch it
i start to feel bored
you  are obliged to do it
it got forced upon us
i stopped long time ago
the degree is not necessary
you must have a degree
that is another universe
i know a good training you can sign up for
the best thing you have ever done in your life
exorbitant prices
the governement need to take action
no one will say no to you
i don't consider him
you need to build a business
you every right to win 
what needed to be done
i haven't thought about it
i don't know honestly what to do
they got the same major
he begin to explain to people
orientation is very important
try to describe it to me
this is very interesting for us
what are you waiting for ?
i have a problem with you
we will do it today
you need to go live
there is many podcast out there
this is the only place where it exist
you will learn a lot from me
people are making fuzz about it
they study at university
what are you imagining
we will go the his headquarters
listen to me closely
i want a hard coffe
you will get your money back
i will go to the capital
we will start the engine  now
is this enough for us
write me in the comment
i was speaking loudly
people who you gonna count on
this is the occasion
nice meeting
there a lot of things out there
a lot happened
eveyone know what happened
prison is bad
you need to respect the law
what language do you speak
what year you did go
i only stayed for a week
we already booked
what this mess
we didn't sleep that night
i don't have where to sleep
leave it to god
i already went there
you need to take the risk
fix it before it deviate
enjoy life
we are bounded by law 
nice culture
come to me
with who you gonna go
trust exist
it's never happened to me
don't be afraid no one will harm you
this changed me a lot
what this mess
i want to learn that's why i'am here
who let you come back
this is a final decision
imagine what happening
everything is full
there is no space here
the work is finished here
we need to start from zero
he didn't want it for something else
you may reach it you may not
i don't use phone a lot
he is not proud of himself
everyone want to be trending
we already started
no one will remember you
why are you coming back again
problem is not solved
i grew up in the city
i grew up in the farm
i feel you
i don't like your way of talk
how you become successful
i sense something is not good
i do something i hate
i need to eat in work
i don't save money at the end of month
this is not what i wished for
you need to find another road
beware of scammer
i did not gain anything from this business
i was very hardworking
i tried another thing
his mother recently died
it is on a budget
i want to sell a product
everyone want to get rich
governement need to help
this is not enough
the merchandise is arrived now
the merchandise didn't arrive
money lost it value
they harm him because he is younger then them
you don't want to leave me alone
you fooling yourself with this talk
explain to me in brief
hit your friend
i want to order a product
start selling merchandise
you need to pay  customs
it is a promising domain
how did think of it
excuse me for interrupting you 
don't require a lot of efforts
i want to rent a place
he is experienced
nothing is easy
i did read a book yesterday
take advantage of your time
i don't  like their service
give yourself some time
i lost a lot of people
i will explained well to you
it's the same plan
they can't stop
wait i will give you an example
this situation is bad
why i'am gonna do the hardwork
what did made you change your job  
you the one who hit her with your hand
who are they 
what did you achieve in your life
no one will save you
you need to count on yourself
he lost his health
we are talking about a lot of things
he have a High income
he do ecommerce
they need to study
he doesn't have a goal
it seems like a big problem
you are devious
i want to understand why
i'am unable to do it
you need to understant this
you need to collect data
he work as journalist
he is the first who discovered this place
he have many followers
he evade taxes
a lot people asked this question
how much workers we need
it is not allowed to do this
just imagine
he started a business
he did it a lot of time
he already told me
i don't have time for you
this is a good idea
what is the app ?
we begin lesson now
what wrong with you again ?
it's not ours
forgive me i got nervous
you are looking for trouble
i had many experiences
keep it in your mind
i knowyou are patient
enter from this door
this happen a lot
this is the last edition of the book
fill this request paper
role has changed
the society has changed
everything has changed with time
bring your memories back
this place is crowded
you are consuming a lot
this is mind blowing
this phenomenon is widespread in those places
corruption has increased a lot
this is a conservative place
you need to respect their culture
you need to decrease your consumption of cigarette
how i can start
give me important point
he did know her by accident
you should count on yourself
i will try to be brief
how it look
you need to bring the product
you need to drive the client
you need to find a solution
i want to set up  a store
what is the next step
you  need to market it
opportunity are everywhere
don't force it on him 
they just fool you
there is a lot of ways
i want to go in this road
i want to setup a brand
i don't have money
sell whatever
it is impossible to make mistake
i only heared of him
this is not important
i work at home
you need to put a lot of hardwork
 he is not knowledgeable enough
judge between us
he is a retail seller
he is a wholesale seller
i did not comprehend
she need to follow the law
don't be arrogant
it live in the sea
i will try to explain it in simpler way
we will lose everything
this is human nature
the majority are like this
don't be weak
you need to have a good life
the folders got mixed up
laugh when you are angry
open your eyes
improve his mood
you will be like him
how people see you
have a relationship with them
don't flex on us
remember what have you done
you need to be responsible
help yourself
don't smoke
skip everything
it's your call
you are a good human
what did you want to say 
don't be for so long
don't friend people
the people you hangout with are your reflection
he only want his interest
no problem
i want godness to people
he can't bear responsability
you will meet a lot of people
i understand it on the fly
work on your future
don't speak with him
you just losing time
you need to be interested first
don't make me embarrased
he have no goal
why are you still friend with him
don't make the same mistake
don't compare yourself to others
i don't like this situation
put realistic goals
educate your children very well
don't blame anyone
blame only yourself
there is a lot of opportunity
what happend is not important
be responsible
i don't have control over it
stop this habbit
think about your future
i'am prepared to sacrifice
this mean nothing
do what you  like
follow this rule
i can't think
work on yourself
build a strong personnality
listen to people a lot
follow your instincts
you need to communicate with people
start to think of a solution
everything is about money
there is no better then hanging out in the night
he hate his job
why you will stay angry
face your problems
you do it everyday
you need to put a plan
why you don't sleep early
apply this rule
men and women are not the same
i don't like social media
i don't have enough information
read this book
i want to summarize this book
i want to download a movie
i don't agree with her
give me what are useful
your life will change
i will explain it to you
there are good people and bad people
try to control yourself
let me imagine now
i'am messy this morning
don't be very late
forget about everything
don't take photo of me
share the wifi
how much time it takes
watch it and tell me your opinion
i didn't go
they wen to camp 
i don't have the will
we want you to share with us
we want you to sign up with us
i will give you a good deal
i will be out of subject 
not what i thought 
sit read a little bit
you need to accept everything
i want to do a lot of things in my life
i will tell you from the start
you need to discipline yourself
do what you want
this book will benefit you
there is no difference between them
time has changed a lot
do difficult thing not easyone
don't play with phone for longer times
i don't put a lot of efforts
it is her habbit 
don't yell at me
why are you breathing so hard
i'am siting in bed
may god pass this night without trouble
i regret letting you go
stay with us until morning
i didn't find transportation
i didn't find transportation
tell me what happend
don't fool me
don't cry
we will break off the engagement
client are abundant
treat client very well
do you know what to do
leave me alone
may god bring happiness to your hearth
he didn't know what wrong
they are childish
he got taken by the river
he is lucky
he have a lot of child
tell me the strory from the begining
follow the channel
don't be racist
he is a bad student
i will watch this video
there are a lot of store
the market is full of scammer
he is angry
this won't sell
there is a lot of competition
see it with your eyes
this is easy and hard at the same time
we need a worker
i was in the market today
it is messy out there
a lot of none sense talk
he got rich
try ads
that's what i think
me
honestly i don't know what you are talking about
can you give us a discount
someone send him merchandise
don't do like him
you need to pay the shipping
you may gain nothing
we try first
we will go early
i will bring with me money
don't worry about it
i will take care of them
i will record everything
what did you like
just take it it's fine
you have nothing to  do
you need to think first
this will make you aware
i have said many times be far from them
i will hangout a litte bit and comeback
i like the city
i damaged everything
i searched everywhere
you hangout enough
we need to go there 
 you welcomed visit us
come have lunch with us tomorrow
tell your familie
i'am always at coffeshop
don't make yourself tired
they will take care of the bill
dress properly
it is autumn time
i will go when i have time
he started the fight
do you have school tomorrow
i had an interview today
how was your exam
do you have some videos
are you traveling tomorrow or not
where you will go ?
where you will live?
go cry there
she need money
throw it away
what did you take ?
i took nothing
when i should go 
where you will go 
they asked you about what
they asked you about what
what did you study
did you drew today ?
what did you do
did you study
i studied nothing
did you prepare
what did you bring with it
your bag
i did fix it
what did you fix
i took the laptop
may god bless you
take your time
okey good
what is that
i have nothing
did you took your paper
i took what i need 
who with me
deal with it
what upset you 
how are you today
i will bother you
did you take your medicine
did you bought flowers
did you bought a new phone
what you have
are you tired
what did you eat today
this what i think
what do you mean
send me the number
i took  everything
i don't have time
i'am busy
you passed
go slowely
why are in rush
take that
wear glasses
dress properly
did you go to the university
what did you do
turn off the light
turn on the light
turn on the phone
did you fix your hair
did you cut your hair
answer the phone
on my count
no need to worry
where did you get to
i was joking
you seriously did it
you should go
deal with it
put the phone
i'am busy
don't try it next time
what happend
later on
when is that
where are your sibiling
go help them
i need you
come on quick
with who you came
not your business
it will be fine
i went to the kitchen
i wore my clothes
i did meet up with my friend
i went to agadir
i went to public shower to relax
i took photo at photographer shop
i did get back tired
spread the clothes
you went to the university ?
i went up to the roof
you did have dinner outside ?
what will do?
i can't i'am traveling !
i'am not going
i did not understand
god protect you
you went to the market ?
bring with you something
take precautions
don't be late
get yourself together
did you know what happened
where are you traveling
i did see nothing
where are you sleeping
do you have money
what your thoughts on this 
where is the mosque ?
how much is this ?
it is a good plan
i forgot to tell you
did you found the pictures 
is there a game today ?
welcome
how are you today
how was your day
how is work
what did you study today
did you get enough sleep
what are you doing there
go bring us something
what are telling
congrats
did you bought the clothes
i went to market
i'am cooking couscous
i went home early
are you available now
are your families there
did you traveled on summer
what grade are you
go to sleep
you are invited to weeding tomorrow
you need to be a man
i didn't do my homework
search for your shoes
are you good
our neighbor is nice
why did you break glass cup
stay away from my phone 
turn on the light
good bless you
wake up early to go to study
stop making troubles
go bring us what i told you
i want an end to this
i watch and i don't speak 
if you are available come to me in the evening
so what did you do 
what now
no doubt
long live the king
okey do it
why you keep asking
what now what 
you just wake up or what
i have a plan for you
what market
everything will be fine
we have one hour and half left
come i have to many news for you
where are you
what is there
you don't have mercy on this human
this is not
leave it until tomorrow
no problem it wasn't fated
i did something bad
allo what happen
i'am still waiting
god is greater
it is true
what is the occasion
do you mean me
this what i found
those what i use
when you are available
did you rent
is the rent expensive
okey with god will
what you have there
what the doctor say 
okey 
good 
do you want to drink something
what do you want to drink
did you bring olive
bring with you sugar
i'am broke
i didn't go
did you go to home
you didn't arrive
they are first
i haven't speak to him for a while
i think he was traveling
he got damaged
did you arrive
i may not stay here
can you speak loud please
i thought you did go with him
are you going to them
nice one
are you fine
take antibiotic
wish you easy and quick recovery and  you must take rest
i'am going to station
how things are
yes that's what he said
maybe
how are you
give yourself time to rest
isn't easy to stay in home
call him he will take care of everything
if you need something
call him so he can take care of your claim
today is Tuesday
did you took the certificate
deliver it to you
or tomorrow
you need to be a cautious  with your men
i will tell you
we will speak
i didn't mean him
amen my friend
may god protect  you
what did you do regrading that business
yes i understand you
how life going
what did he say 
yes i know 
"may god protect  you ,eveything is fine"
you are going out or not 
i haven't seen you for while
do what you have to do
you also
this is a lot
you just have remember me
send thing that are ready
you are very late
what this  bad work
let's go to shop
go work and earn your money
what do you think we go for a ride
like this
where are you
how much is this my friend
thank you
give me two bread
people are idiots
is impossible
if you come
we were walking until a dog we saw a dog
be patient
they went previous week 
we need to congratulate him
what you have
i don't have a lot
i will tell her and she will make necessary arrangements
go with witness
tell them it is snowing
i don't know where i put it 
tell them that you lost the bag
i went to sport room
i bought milk from shop 
i'am at home i don't want to wake up 
i need to send it to the man
i could know him
how are you with all the things happening right now
come drink coffe with me 
 i haven't seen you for a long time
how are you with work
it is hot out here 
what time you have work tomorrow ?
what time is it ?
red color suit you
i like calm music
i take medicine always at 8:30
today is holiday
congrats on newborn
i'am still writing
okey i will try 
i call you you don't answer
when you have doctor appointement
i draw today the last picture
did you not taken all the paid leave days 
please don't forget movie name
what place is the shop
how much you will stay here 
can you speak softly
how i can call you
do you want help lifting them
what happening is normal
i did not understand what you mean
i think is not necessary to use them
think 100 time before doing something
please give me glass of water
tomorrow i will go
i feel tired when i walk a lot
this what i was searching for
can you take a picture with the tree
do you speak amazighiya
wash your face before going to school 
i wish you a nice holiday
what do you want to eat in the night
close the door before going out
this is your game
is this house for rent
it is late don't go out
do you have children
this bag is heavy
the game will start now
i'am waiting for you next to the room
what happen to you
did you take your medicine in time
i don't  wake up easily in morning
i took 1000 dh from bank
i prefer apricots tagine
i washed clothes this evening
i washed clothes this evening
i like eating snacks in the night 
can you give me a minute of your time
what the name of your mothers
when you will get back home
answer me you upset me
is it good or i need to stop
you are ignoring my question
i was looking for you from the first day
words can't express what i feeling 
the best thing that happen in my life
i become happy when i see you
this is a good day
did you need something
give my thanks to your familie
what are you thinking to do in the futur
come visit us again
how did you find my house
what did you follow in your study
where you have traveled this summer
i'am hungry
forgive me i have something to do today
don't take their opinion into considerations
ask experienced don't ask doctor
did you finish
what time the guests will arrive
why the rush
are you afraid i will embarrass you ?
who are this new bridegroom
i don't want to know
i told you shut your mouth
leave
may god elevate your status
god blesss you moulay sultan
he will not find better then you
you were very close to him
he like you a lot
i have seen you for long time where was you
time caught me
we were going from city to another
he got retired
we were enjoying time with friend and familly
our bride has come
she is beautiful 
a lot of people were trying to get engaged with her
she don't want to marry
i want to hear you speak
what i will say to her
go to the rooftop
go discuss it together
watch me 
we haven't seen each other until weeding night
this was an era and today is a new era
let them to get to know each other
my girl is shy
you are a guest
the weather is cold in her
you only coming by force
you rushed me
ofcourse i'am speaking seriously
this way you shortened distance for me
i want only to do you good and to let you rest
this is diaster
i didn't like him
you still speaking
shut your mouth
the girl did nothing
don't be bother by me
when she get upset she don't know what to say
come to cool down
just leave me her
you don't know how to swim
he add me in facebook
you got confused
what happening
you want to do nothing
are you speaking with me
without noise please
are you fooling me or what
i'am speaking with women behind you
do you want me to stay quiet
nothing official between us
you who report everything
what is the other thing
if you make a request i will bring it to you
i'am afraid of your actions
i'am afraid of your nervousness
i love you and i'am jealous for you
we couldn't be happy like others peoples
come on get up
what are you doing here
i didn't expecting this to be your work
is this doesn't suit me
i like myself like this
you are in peace with yourself
wait let me explain to you a point
am i right?
this is bullshit
we share the food together
i'am on a diet
me also i train here
i will comeback quickly
what that on your face
i'am collecting lottery money
where are you going
i need to deal with him
do what you want
it seems you are cooky
you made afraid
I will tell her when she come
I will do my responsibility
try to demand me again
we are afraid for you
you didn't see me
don't get embarrassed with him
if I stay like this they won't chose me
me also I will go to sleep
"wait ,I am coming"
finally you came
you will find me here when you get back
I see that you are trying to defend him
I have pity for this men
like you saw them with your own eyes
you will share it with me
solve your own problems
there is nothing you think of
I don't see a lot of people here
there is a lot of cleaning to be done
people need to learn to collect garbage by themselves
we are trying to raise awareness
they need to understand
i see you are looking for trouble
i have a suggestion for you
you discover another universe
come on follow me
like you been beating
why did you speak
today you were forced to do it
i'am not for this
always happy
you are both in trouble
i was afraid for you
he told me that he needed to see me
go do make up
don't be late
i don't need this
i will call you again
i was coming to see what happening
this days i'am very busy
i feel i'am not prepared
you won't understang anything in this
i will bring it by my hands
she went to do sport
she made me afraid for her
i don't know how to deal with her
i want to be happy with you
this what i could save up
she is the women for the job
i'am very busy now
don't forget yourself
did i forgot something else
you prepared everything
who beside you 
what you want to drink
i don't know where to start
i find myself very comfortable with you
i know her how is he
didn't you being cautious to her
you need to take cautious from her
leave me alone
don't speak to her
didn't you hear what she said
understand a little bit 
why are you slow to understand
i did not see her
i don't need trouble
eat there is a lot of food at the table
you don't find money to buy
you won't take it even with your money
it is so expensive out there
we don't eat meat
i only say the truth
i can't hide from you
we don't have like this
don't we have right to be happy
i will make you remember
no one is available today
it is better this way
i can't go with you
okey report to next week
when will you get to me
okey i count on you 
don't keep me waiting for nothing
whatever was the answer tell me
help us with a little of money
i haven't eated my lunch
you don't like soccer
did you say something ?
go run
are you insane
leave me alone
do you know here
why you blocked me
be a man and explain it to me
what will i see
did i become your sister ?
don't  hang up
take grab this
he got in trouble
did you rest or not 
we didn't have lunch yet
i'am retired
i want you for something
i'am unemployed
you should have told me a while ago
where the others stuff
we finished now
he will go with me
did you forgot something
he don't speak a lot
he don't hear very well
you were looking for someone
that's why we want you with us
why we are standing here
i will show you
you are following us even in the middle of the night
it's obvious he will forget about it
the day is worse because i have seen your face
this is the last time you will speak to me
let's see you in court
repeat what you have said
say hi to your mom
i'am discussing with my wife 
go tell them
did you hear what she told you
what do you want sister
I just want to tell you thank you
can you drive me with you
me who know him very well
stay at your place
I treat him well
I don't like dogs
you eyes are scaring
look at me 
you where are you going
I'am going to beach
maybe I should put you here
I like being with you
i keep you company
who is there in the school
i told you grab very well
he done nothing to you
are you scared of him
go don't stay here
i'am litlle nervous don't me in consideration
how i can help you
i take responsability of this mistake
i'am difficult and bad person
i'am going to seasonal event
why we did get to this
am i the one who started trouble
sit get some sun light
he still alive breathing
did i opressed him
i harm no one
i don't know where we go
don't stay upset
i told them from the start
you will stay here
i still had the energy to continue with them
i need to rest a little bit
you will enther with your eyes closed
i'am not a liar
respect me and look in front of you 
this what i said
you smell
why did you come
why we break up
i haven't seen you for while
your hair start grow in
you will cry if i told you
do you want to cry
go with me we will do something
it is obvious someone did beat you
leave me alone
who are you
we are following her
she is lucky
she will send you directly to hospital
you got harm
are you talking  about me ?
you seem like an honest man
tell her to comeback to me i still love her
why she is following you
i meet her in the street
why you did bring her here
why did you bring us here
i can't forget you
i can't continue with you
you want a man to fill the house
you are disoriented
even if i suffered
so i don't need to try
drowning
life got into you
do you still like russian
she cry a lot
let him continue
your friend is nice
don't follow your mind
you are not nice
let me talk with you
who we gonna go
what i'am gonna do with her now
you will see
are you okay ?
are you relax ?
you don't know her
i think there is some mistakes in those paper
please check if this is good
you need to help me with homework
the teacher won't come tomorrow
i got tired of phone calls
we stayed here
we want to rework home
i'am waiting for some money to come in
i will start to work on home
some people own me money
i need to pay off my debt
where you will find this nature
do you know how much is this
this come one time a year
those colors are beautiful
did you call me
i'am coming
i left my wallet at home
where did they go
drive you with us ?
we don't have were to put it
you don't harm people
do you want some ugly women
we will fix this first
this is covered with leather
i will tell them the price
i don't know where my money go
i don't know how to save
is this happend also to you?
i want to know what did he see
i want to share with you an idea
how is your life
living become much harder
wish you a good health
they will burn you
what happen to your hand
i want you to explain this to me
what this mean ?
i'am worth nothing to you ?
he have a lot  of problems
i couldn't smile
who gonna feel me 
i don't know where to start
we passed a good times
we passed a bad times
i never felt what i felt with you
you were always beside me
i don't know how to say it to you
i can't sleep
i'am not ready to marriage
you never wake up early
breakfast is ready
nothing in this life  is worth it
get down the breakfast is ready
how are you my friend
i'am running a little bit
clothes does not fit me anymore
did you forgot ?
i was up and down for the whole week
you must come
i want just to make sure
wear the best thing you have
you didn't say this
okey goodbay
i will send you what you need
i want you like this
you loved make up from childhood
i always like to play with boys
get to home early
am i still young ?
in my eyes you will always stay young
don't confuse me
i'am okay that i see you
i needed you
i'am standing on my feet for the whole morning
everything need to be okay
don't shame us
i'am putting a lot of efforts
how did you find my work ?
i want to know him
she stayed all alone
i never been attentive to her
they were wrong about everything
we were luck that it is not a big  problem
what are they doing now
do you want to do something else ?
show me tho other side
i will explain it to you very well
come  with me to  the desk
she need surgery as soon as possible
i can't remember myself
my stomaches will burst
they gave me his address
can i see him
is he here ?
i did see you work
your son is not sick
where is your room 
this doesn't look good
i'am so scared for him
who let you enter
i like your work
i can't understand this talk
are you ready ?
all of this is bullshit
i don't like this
how did you get there
i want to do something new in my life
i'am doing this not for money
you may need her some day
why did you wake me so early 
do i need to go back
i want to have breakfast with you
i never understood you
sometime she is happy something she is upset
go work on your future
make fortune
don't worry
he only want you godness
listen to what i'am saying
forgive me i did call on this time
no bother at all
okey i agree
if you weren't sure i won't call you
i will be at home
forgive me i did speak with you badly
have some respect
you grew up in this room
who gonna take care of me
you have no where to go
everyone he got his own place
you ask me now where i'am going ?
you want me to lock myself up until i die
you never took me to se her
she don't want to see in this form
don't say that
i sacrifice myself for your sake
you need to defend my interest
this is the end of discussion
it seems you prepared for everything
i did trust her
this is not your job
you don't need wealth
who gonna do this ?
is there something except this
i want something to make me forget this
consider me your sister not your friend
i want you always like this
everyone know here
this place is for work not fooling around
do you know where we are ?
you need to take responsability
you  will see the other face and you won't like it
why are you mad this morning
do you think all the people are the same
whenever i turn back i find him
i accept everything
i have nothing to say
sleep until the time come
did you pack all your clothes
be cautious in the road
you need to take this medecine
i come to see you
don't ever come here again
whenever you come i keep taken care of you
what happen between you two
i want no one to open his mouth
she will get delivered to you
if you want it i can make it for you
i don't understand this
this look very good
eveything has a meaning
this what i want to know
come to finish your work
why you talk with him so much
i won't answer him even if he talk with me
these people only did godness to us
i don't want to cause you some problem
go finish your work
sometime at my place sometime at yours
nothing works
this if he call you
i want a serious relationship
this is related to her
what she endured isn't easy
how i can help you
find me a way to told here
this is my sister and i know her
i won't forget your godness
i come to see you
if the house isn't comfortable for you don't get back to it
did some one ever asked about me ?
who take interest ine me ?
why you bringing this discussion ?
those people aren't the same status as us
when they finish with you they will threw you out
what i'am gonna do with them now
this gonna take all my energy
who put this here ?
what he is doing in my desk ?
the thing you were looking for you won't find here
you deserve to be happy
it obvious in your eyes
i don't need anyone
i need you 
this flower is good
every girls wish flowers
get off me
go take care of your work
are you busy ?
when i finish i will call you
i don't know what to eat for dinner
he is coming to us again
they are sitting alone and they like it
i find my comfort in beach
i think about living here
it is better
work take all my time
i will eat breakfast in work
don't worry with this
i will give you everything i have
they don't know where it came from
you immature
i know what i'am saying
you are too focused on him
god will give you what you wanted
blame only yourself
what do you want to talk about with me
you know why
i won't let anyone to get between us
only work between me and him
the godness that you will do to him is to leave him alone
do you know nothing about him
he is going throught crisis
this happend a long time ago
his place is not with you
who that beauty
i will be happy with you
this is not the time for laugh
i need to go 
i'am not upset
go do what you want
you haven't changed at all
he has a difficult character
they come from her side*
they were defending here
tell me what happend
you only do trouble
they always want to see us happy
something is missing in my life
i will pass next to you
our parents they educate us very well
we studied in the best school
they left us home
sleep comfortably
i'am coming to you
i want be late
do you will leave me alone
i be brief
i searched for it it was not fated
think about it and get back to me
you will loose nothing if you do this
what those act ?
you told me you  will comeback
he don't need money
he has his futre ahead
this is my future
i'am capable of myself
i'am fool that i'am telling you
what you don't like about him
do you want to stay like this
i want to see you a widow
marriage easy but to find whom is difficult
do i need to do what it please them or what
this is big trouble
let us from this talk
he work very well
the important is to be convinced
he need to prepare everything in time
i must speak to him
all thanks to him
when you finish work ?
don't be bothered
give me some time
i were coming to this place in my childhood
you won't understand
he invited me and i meet him
are you fine ?
i'am in the road
i didn't know you will wakeup early
did you see where your dad get us
we are passing time
i heared some noise
i went to hospital
we will set a meeting
take care of yourself
we haven't finished our talk
if something show up tell me
who i'am gonna tell if i did not tell you
isn't a problem
i told you to take care of the house
my place is here
i got enough of everything
did someone ruin your mood
what do you want more then that
tell me where is the problem
i can't force someone to do something
i understand nothing
is this related to me ?
i need you 
this my dream and it need to become true
be with me please
i don't like place where there is strangers
are you shy ?
you don't know how to act
this talk isn't for someone who gets shy
where did get inspired
i haven't seen that smile for while
i was wrong about him
he think for me more then he think of himself
i forgot everything that happened
is this make you happy
congrats on what you did
i think you misunderstood me
he don't want to open the door
we were arguing in the morning
nothing will recompensate what i have lost
we need to shut her up
he died suddenly
we need to go to offer them our condolenses
he is drowning in work
he slept and didn't wakeup
when he heared the news he pass out
is there someone who don't talk to his parents
good for him so he can learn from it
i'am broke
he would have left a lot of money
i don't have right to ask
good manner should be done with people
what do you know to do
you are reading this book for whole day
you don't know to do something
it is better to help this men who gonna drive you
when you will learn home errands
do you think you are still young
what do you want me to tell you
not a lot of people came
you never said two good words
they were waiting for him
he would have changed
this is a good news
my daughter luck came
you need to look pretty to seduce them
this is a funeral not a weeding
go make your hair
our condolences
we haven't seen you for a long time
don't leave her alone
let's move from here
he want to marry
he did go and left us
we grow up together
nothing is harder for me
he need some pretty girl
sleep and let me sleep
what do you think
everything is destined
go with us to the beach ?
i need to complete the writing
are you sure you don't want to come with us
are you determined to go
are you not afraid of him
i want only your opinion
he got a difficult nature
i'am  close to home
you will loose nothing
where are you working?
why you didn't finish study
i don't have energy
i studied only to work
i haven't find the proper men
it is fate
he know what to do
you seems smart
from now on everything will change
you will stay like this
do you see this is too much for me ?
did you speak about me ?
there is no one like you 
the one who gonna marry you
stop nonsense
sit i want to talk to you
i will get engaged
they need time to know each other
she need one hour to get ready
you like yourself
go no one is holding you
he don't want to show you
i do this for your own sake
when is the weeding 
I have't spoke to him for a long time
he have some heritage problem
are you laughing
your hair looks good
I'am sure you will like it
I won't promise you something
why you didn't come to study in the morning
they are just friend
it not supposed to hide this from us
I deserve what happened
I never spoke and you listen to me
I see you comfortable
we leave it for another time
it is not as it seems
you need to take care of yourself
when he will arrive
do you want to upset me
they are best friend
I can't ruin his mood
this hurt me
no one can get us out from our home
this degree won't benefiet you
time has changed
where you want to get with this
he has no room for doubt
I don't know him very well as used to do
you  forced me to stay  away from you
the right person won't leave you suffering
you need someone who will make you feel comfortable
I don't blame someone
he felt the pain of divorce
do have salety here
our loved people they changefd
are you living in the same house or not
if we finish we will help you to you finish
I see you forgot
wait for me to finish work
okey don't forget
get back to them
you are so beautiful
her situation improved
she will pass the phone to you
I come back from travel
the cost will be cheap
my father he come back from travel
he did bring me the phone
this what I heard from him
she is waiting for you in home
her dream was to continue her study
she can't work
I have told her
she will find a better job then this
you are not upset
I'am so happy for you
I will dance like a fool
I have seen everything
speak why are you shocked
she caught me
I shouldn't done what you told me
this between me and her
I'am in good mood today
leave me alone
did you go to your friend
we are not living
god had created us differently
have asked about the new job
all the colors suit you
if you want it take it
choose what you gonna wear
this is old
what you wear suit you
this is so expensive
enter with me
I do want to get embarrassed with the men
oh he is closing
don't worry
I won't go to this weeding
you the only one who can laugh
what am gonna do in this diaster
I need to manipulate them
I don't want to go to the weeding
people are dancing
this is the time for work
I will call you later
I want to make him proud in front of his family
give me something pretty to wear
take what you want
everything is yours
lend me some money 
everyone will be shocked
she told you don't do like this
we are ready from long time 
go we will get to you later
we are late
I didn't find him
this is a diaster
I want to know why are you crying
I have searched everywhere without result
you may have lost it in the street
help me or shut up
you know that i'am not super rich
life got me around
this will get us to result
we all know to yell and fight
her situation is very bad
she got herself in this
he will brust with anger
you don't like the person who say wise word
she want to shoot and get up there
where i'am gonna find like them
can we see him 
we need to think what to do
i'am the one who made this problem and i'am the one who gonna solve it
what you gonna do
do you think we are fooling around
the situation will lead to prison
i will try with them
are you traveling tomorrow
it's good that you came
if someone asked about me told him i'am not here
congrats 
where did you get the money
i did the unexpected
from this week you should have money 
he is a good person
deal with it alone
i was so scared
you need to be grateful for the thing you have
this is my wife
i need to help you
what have you done ?
what they told you 
let me go rest
the director want to see me
i can't help you
he got nervous shock
he will heal
he need to go out with children
everything got scrambled
you need to come back to your home
no it opposite we would love your company
i have no energy for you
the samllest thing you will do for him
my legs hurt
solve your problems first
you saw the money and you did forget about everything
i like this bracelet
if he would have send him to prison if he was someone else
this is not the end of the world
you are not the first and the last
they needed him for work
i'am the one who did this to me
you want us to live comfortably
i want you to live better then people
this talk is nonesense
she yelled at me
your experience is unique
i searched everywhere
this will make me a scandel in the country
get out from this situation
who searched find
relax 
leave it until the morning
are you not ashamed you are laughing at me
this time you exagerate
go i'am coming for you
you are so stubborn
you haven't paid what it due and you want to borrow money
also you 
let's go to a coffe
you never remember me
this days is so full
fix your sitting position
sit corrctly
what this walk
you need to know how to walk
 he couldn't walk
don't bother me
i haven't finished at all
this what they told me
don't add anything
she will sent you when she open up
i won't buy from there
they made me regret that i went
i won't go to there
is there someone here ?
i will be ahead of you
don't be late
this is my daughter
sould is very precious to god
who sins must  be punished
leave the light turn on
turn off the light
what up with her?
are you ready
this is new
this is the first time i see this
this will make you forget everything
they want nothing from us
now everyone knows
see you later
goodbye
you have my word
change this
do you know that you are bothering me
order what you want
i will come yo you whatever place you are in
you have promised me
do like me
this act are not yours
i vomitted all things i have eaten
i won't wash plates yet
don't bother yourself
do as you please
i wish you like it
i will told you something but don't laugh
i won't speak to you and don't speak to me
you have nothing to be scared of
she is capable
she went to work for my sake 
why this happend to me
people in there place don't care
don't say this to me
do you want to make her happy
in this case she will be so happy
can i ask you something
i will give you my eyes
i wish if you sing for me 
do you know something else
you can get in
did i come in wrong time
sit drink with me a coffe
don't do it for me
"i didn't come for this , is she sick ?"
she always late
where did she get out
she went to dressmaker
this is a problem
where are you going ?
we go search for her 
i'am confused
we will wait a little bit
god do godness
i'am waiting for you below
i'am listening to you
i'am busy these days
i want everything to be alright
you pay this or we gonna be in trouble
i don't like him anymore
we come up to an understanding 
you want to tire your self
you are working for whole day
he haven't eaten for whole day
may god give you more wealth
no poblem at all
alright standup here
everyone know me
take your money
i wait for you to get to home
i'am following you from here with my eyes
you are not answearing
listen to talk that will make you cry not the one that make you laugh
you know i don't like noise
invite me
i will show her a face she never seen
keep your nature
i need it to solve this problem
do you like this situation
are you calm now
we gonna finish or not
the only thing your good at is girls
the girl need a surgery
if she told you a word tell her ten words
don't do as you please
stop that's enough for you
you are stubborn
i prayed god to punish you
drive me home
i want to relax
we keep circuling around police staion
i can't forget them
i will go to sleep at my friend house
wait for me quarter hour
you are talking to much
you complain a lot
no one like me in this house
i can't bear anything anymore
don't be upset for nothing
i'am sleepless
don't come this is night
your brother also don't answer
you are not wearing shoes
may god interven
you know how is my mother
here is
i will tell her to call you
you never saw me
i want to change the mood
we believe in you
not your business
do you have girlfriend
life is getting better for you
what happened without me
you will grow and forget about it
no doubt you did forget who I'am
that what god wants
there is little time left until each one go his way
each one lives his life
this how it is life
you need always sacrifice to live
you start doubting me
each one do what he want
take care of yourself
why you want my picture
don't embarrass me with the man
I don't know where he was
you need to ask us first
you need to face people
you need to have a hard face
you need to fight
go give your dautgher a lunch
you think I wasn't aware
he heard it and he come running
I crave hot bread
this dinner got cold
will we be waiting for you 
how did this
give me some information
I don't know where to go
I don't know what to do
what is my role
don't yell
you are waiting time
take advantage of the opportunity
do something that benefit you
give us your opinion in this matter
each one do what he want
how I'am gonna correct it
we paid everyone
days will show you
life will teach you
I wish we were like you
this is yours
this is not good
I stayed all night waiting for him
she danced
my legs are hurting me a lot
you upset her
you are reason for my suffering
why we having this discussion
did you got tired
my heart moved from his place
don't blame me
god is greater
I don't have relationship with them
deal with them
I will do this
I don't want to risk in this
he will come back
I was searching for him I didn't find him
did he comeback yesterday
he got some work that he didn't expect
he will not stay for long time
he will comeback quickly
did he comeback yesterday
is he insane
he will show up
do you want to say something
I don't feel alright
not many people will arrive
if something show up call me
life is harder here
leave her
I will call the police
do you want me to bring you suitcases
her familly is rich
money is abundant
don't worry
I want to know where I'am putting my hand
is me who gonna write this
when you are ready call me
I leave you to rest
I will call you soon
who's clothes there
you don't have right to touch my clothes
this is the last time you do it
are we crying together
I want only to know what is there
you only know what you want
no I'am not available today
what time you get there
he comes at the time he please
do you want me to call him
wait for me a little bit please
we don't have no news about him
this powder is weird
not like this
he may want to sit alone
honestly I don't know what to say
we need him a lot
we are waiting for some money
he will show up soon
when he will comeback to home
where we will go now
I  go out early
he doesn't help
she will keep calling you until you answer her
all his familly is dead
open that and see with your eyes
stop nonesense
you will find things that you like
I will choose one of them
what this nonesense play
this all a lie
you need to find a lawyer
we need to divorce
do you know what are you saying
do you want me to go insane
you are my wife and I love you
say the truth in one time in your life
if I was in your place I won't be stubborn
I need to think about my interest
the dress look good on you
you have lost weight
I was doing only sport you lost a lot of weight
where did you go today
we got some guests today
the weather is nice today
you did some operations 
I'am waiting for movie to start
think with me a little bit
beat him 
we lost the cat but we did find it today
we cut the tree today
you didn't sit beside me
my sister is invited us today
I need to make him remember he forgot a lot
ask about him tomorrow
life is steady
this discussion stay between us
you look good together
what do you  want to know now
did my husband get to you
where is the manager
I couldn't give you more then one
give me this medicine please
did they send someone
forgive me I did bother you
leave me 
take your time
I like this watch
you know how to choose
good bless you
I want to tell the police about them
it been  a while since I did this
my husband got out and he didn't comeback
no one saw him in work
what I am supposed to do now
there some things difficult to forget
you coming to me so I could help you
he was doing only his job
all be forgotting by time
no one wanted to harm you
you crossed the line
come we will forget all of this
he will be better
last time you saw him 
how I'am not gonna be afraid
call him in his phone
his phone is not working
give me his number
he will never comeback
have some respect please
what you was doing in that time
go to desk and go out again
he didn't go by his car
I didn't saw him when he was entering
you don't find this situation weird
there something I need to say
he was taken by a women
this is the first time I hear this
how this women look like
why are you looking at me like this
everything is clear
he disappeared quickly
everything is obvious
what do you want to say
we will handle this problem
we will bear the reponsability
it is not the time for this
we will go to  hospital
I received a letter
we should expect anything
it maybe someone want to make you suffer
I don't know if I should believe you or not
this is weird
take cautious
you are my friend and you are precious to me
you are always hiding something
you need to protect your home
when did you ever saw him confess
you deserved even it is nothing
we wish that you honour us
another time inshallah
money is little tight right now
this will be in our interest
it's obvious we will be friend
collect all the tapis
collect them so they don't get damaged
I think we should sit here 
we want only to do godness
do godness in my home
is not your home alone
me also is my home
you want to collect money using me
it is so soon
you will say my back hurt me
take care of yourself work won't vanished
I will make you regret what you have done
I want  you only godness 
I want you stay always higher and higher
is there someone who don't like his children
if someone told you this is a liar
what are you doing now
come wear your clothes
you will suffer cold there
those chair are bad
I need a comfortable chair
it will hurt your health
remember what I told you
you will comeback to what I told you
I will getback to you
don't do godness it may hurt you
"I laughed with you ,you made me regret"
I heard him talking
night will come
I don't know not my business
look for someone who could bring it to you
don't considerate them
if something happened ?
go meet him
it his business
I was dealing with him
you will come tomorrow or not
you need to treat together very well
if you didn't meet him who gona meet him
look what to do
she shouldn't do like that
you have knoweldge and you know  what happening
god want to see you there
they didn't told me
they make a plan together
you don't see me
this women talk very well
I don't to get embarassed with you
tomorrow I won't work
it don't interest me
she do her business
she done her business and she get out
she behave like nothing happened
they manipulate her
he have a lot of ennemi
if you go to another place you  should told us
are you insane or what
I was so close to shoot him up
this time I will make him regret
stay out of this business
I will marry you to her
I love her I can't live without her
go slow a little bit
what have you done with her
no one saw you?
keep this
I think he is planning something
I don't know what he is thinking
he stole my paper and money
why we don't bring it with us
you need to stay together 
are you thinking of running out
I'am coming to get my rights
you don't want to understand this talk
if you love me let me go
you think I will be scared of you
everything happened because of you
we did go with it
my life is just starting
a lot  people suffered
you did found nothing ?
holiday is coming we will travel
this summer we have a lot  to do
education is what will benefit you
we will talk morning
I don't know why are you coming here
I don't like meat
is there some profit in this
I don't have her money
how you gonna do it
we were like you
you need to change the car
this is a lot 
this is not washed
wait me for me to  change my clothes
your kids is spoiled
you are defending him
I don't know how to say it to you
my mother want us to leave the house
leave us where to live
we can do with rent money something
she want us out that's all
it is not our home
you know what good night
I don't want to wake up you early
I will come to you
what I'am gonna wear tomorrow
how did you find our trip
I'am learning a new language
send me your number
contact me at whatsapp
connexion is slow
we will talk later
it is not up for discussion
I have said my decision
I said this because of that
she is doing nothing in here life
it seems like she have nothing to lose
I'am upset
leave me alone
don't stalk people
you are gossiping people all day 
this is not good
you need to find a solution
I'am ashamed
come I want to cry
easy up
people are chiling and me I'am doing hardwork
we need some focus
you need to organize time
there is some pressure
they went to another city
he don't wake up early
he is being very late
you need to take some rest
organize some food
do sport
wake up early
sleep early
we start our project
we need investor
this will not work
we go step by step
take it slow
we need to try a lot of ways
everyone has his thought
everyone has is method of thinking
there is  a lot of ways not only one
there is a lot of solution
people are not alike
everyone has his mentality
we need to work seriously
there is not a magic way
those people know only magic
today was a bad day
I haven't finished hardwork today
she let me treat her like that
don't let me sleep
it is so early 
he loves to go out in nature
he is thinking
don't think a lot
benefit from your past
did you not benefit from all of this
this what is following you
don't let your past follow you
think of what coming
think of your futures
there is a lot of opportunity
there is no result
we are doing nothing
wait for it to work
this medicine will works for you
let me sleep
I'am thinking about my place
follow what I told you
follow my advices
you will become good
you need to study a lot
you like writing
I'am just sleeping
she can't do anything
this fasting is so hard
let this sport to specialist
this will not work for me
I need  more then that
you got so fresh from shower
what you think of me
did you eat something or not
this is a harworking women
he is capable men
you are also capable
you enjoy good food
I'am sitting now with people
this is not the right place for this talk
I'am waiting for water to get hot
please heat up the shower
where is friendship in this time
it is rare to find someone serious
this life is so hard
if you have something send it to me
are they talking seriously
this man is serious
he don't like this bullshit
they were fooling him
they could easily fool you
you deserve everything that will happen to you
you the one who wanted this
you didn't listen to me
I'am going to my friends
I was looking at them
you need to teach me because I don't know how
something will happen today
where did you see this
I want to see this give me
this was already happened
you didn't know about this earlier
he told me
he won't lie to my husband
this is only fate
shut up don't laugh
turn around to see don't make it notice
you will meet them rarely
is this beautiful or not
if you don't go I will beat you
shame on you
you have no humanity
don't yell
I'am shaking
come help me
do I need to move things up again
where is my plate
shut up I did hear you
he told me you beat her
she is stronger then him
he do everything that she said
this is surprise
do you want me to come
what am I hearing
this is the last time inshallah
he could  have done it again 
did you remember that one
what are you saying in this
someone needed to step up
do you know what to do
where did you get to
we are working
he want to confuse us
did you find some fingerprints
he is so cautious
he did this intentionally
he is using his brain
mostly he is the one who did it
I can't just watch
I need to do something
it seems we are wasting time
I didn't know you are strong
I will give you money as soon as you finish
we need to know everything
he is lifting something on his shoulders
he was lifting some bags
my husband died and left me
I don't want to marry
I like working here
this is better for me
he is walking alone
he is so competent
he likes watching movie
I did bother you
your prayer won't be accepted
he didn't want to go out until we forced him
I'am suffering with kids
I'am unlucky in this life
what you want to drink 
what are this bullshit you are speaking with
you still want to continue
you want to screw up my work
I have half hour left to go out
you need to not drink coffe anymore
he drink coffe everyday
work was close to home
he looks like a serious men
I will trat him like my child
he changed
the biggest alcohalic in the world
he was running drunk and did hit me
he don't want to talk anymore
what is the last time you saw him
he did cut himself
he was shattering glasses
he did break the faucet
I did errands when he did go to work 
go bring plumber
he grab me from my hair and pull me to earth
he did me scandel with neighbor
he told him go leave
I was saving for hard time
why are you skinny
no one can harm me
I see you don't treat yourself very well
who is this
if he didn't kill him I would have killed him myself
your son is a men
you don't need to cry
they needed to die
they harm children
how did you kill him
everything is known
everything is written 
listen to people
are you asking about her
you asked everyone but me
you were hiding behind door
why you didn't ask me when you have saw me
he told me to prepare food
I don't know how to cook
continue what happen after
he went to open the door
I was accoustmed to this from childhood
this don't affect me
is that your mom who came up
I know that you like me
like nothing
they still investigate him
how he know them
I invited them home
we threw them in forest
they were so late
we caught you up
every day they walk from here
you be late
help me I caught up
give him energy that he need
whatever you need
I need to sleep early
this problem come from nothing
go before I ask allah to punish you
I just went down from the bus
they stole my bag
help me  people
I don't know what happened
I was so scared
I did felt alone
I need to co make a claim in police station
I don't know if they will believe me or not
didn't you see my bag
he will harm you
I will continue from here
some women did help me up
I couldn't forget her godness
she did help me 
people were gathering around her
no one know that this will happen
I called a taxi
we are living with thief
I remember opression 
she made me suffer
she strip sleep from me
I didn't live my childhood
no one asked about me
no one asked about us
they are good only in this
he meet with who
I need to be so close to him
everyone has his own problem
I need to know his weakness
don't do like this
go do it
I become friend with everyone
I drive them home and give them juice
I put drugs in juice
the night is still long
soul get out from body
I can't see blood
I wait until the night come
I take them with me when I'am driving
this is good work
I told you from the start
take study this
I need to sign some paper
you think very well
he want to sit there
they got could
he did found heat out there
I'am moroccan
you don't have to come
you don't have where to go
you need to eat something
when you come close the door
I can't go with you
you are talking nonesense
he has no interest in me
today is your day 
I need to retry
one day you were never here
do I need to keep calling people
do you know I still don't believe
he keep hanging out with me
you are the reason
I keep thinking about you for the whole night
he didn't leave you what to say
why he did bring me with him ?
today I'am happy
god ease up thing for me
me and my friend in cafй
everything need to be ready
I need to go
my famillie are waiting for me
go if you want
put that phone
I need to talk with my mother
I was so scared for you
you don't need to ask
we need to party 
I won't go
I will keep hanging out in street
I'am not complicated like you
I don't have what to wear
they treat people differently
I have something to help you out
here right
I didn't forget about nothing
you don't need to be afraid
you will be accepted in the job
believe in yourself
are you coming in interview
until I come
I will keep coming and going
as you please
you are a smart one
you like it right
you know how to act
I 'am very scared
l3doul is waiting
my daughter grow up and she became a bride
you will make us cry
you will leave us without mariage
I'am waiting for him to get out of work
I can't be patient
enough of street food
when you will start to differentiate between us
he will not pity him
I will show him what I'am capable of
look how cute he is
he keep crying and complaining
look bracelet he bought her
she will suffer from people eye
don't ask god for them
if you want you can sleep here
your joke is bad
let's go stop talking
you only doing what please you
and you still talking
he didn't have to talk to her that's way
did you look yourself in the mirroir
did you look how you speak
don't stress yourself
follow me I will explain it to you
I get enough of you
mind your own business
come see me
what are you saying
he did what I wanted
fight between couple is normal
everyone was watching
this happen because of greed
I don't know who caught him 
your prayer won't be answered
I won't be upset
you let the devil manipulate you
why you don't want to go with her
I don't like that
this is the only thing I don't like
why are you complicating things
she been well educated
she know her limit
she respect herself and you
we were forced to do that by life
you think in old way
you did get in trouble
I will say it once
don't fight
god know what they prepared for her 
I did prepare the food you like
why are you not moving
are you still upset with me
do what you want
I prepared this for you
don't ever tell me about her
take her with you
there is no place for you to sleep
you should have taken her with you
this is really good
next time
we meet another day
I feel sleepy
come on move
where did you get in your work
did you finsh your work
they are known for this
she told me to take care of you
take care of her
I remembered old days
I wish if I could go back in time
we will stay like this ?
I will be with you for long time
he always lie to her
don't respond to them
ease up on them a little bit
we need always to be happy
when we will hang out in the city?
I need to eat popular food
say it
I was just about to tell you
give me some space
stay focused on me
do you have nothing to do ?
you can come whenever you want
the store is yours
we need to become famous
I think we will understand each other
people don't have solution for this problem
If you don't want to do this tell me so I can tell another one
call your friend so they can help you
we won't search for him
we wre helping you so you can rest
it obvious you can help me
this is wrong
you asked me and answered
how did you know ?
there is a reason why she did this
he went with another women
I got confused I didn't know what to do
I felt like there is a problem
you don't want him to know
I was afraid he won't understand me
do you trust your men
I couldn't be honest with him
think about this well
you should have answered me
keep it 
I don't know her
if you are available we go have dinner together
is there any news on her?
do you want to see her
can I speak with you for a minute
this is between me and him
I want to know what do you want to speak about
I won't go out
he told me search for it it will come back
what do you know about him
I need you to tell me
are you fooling me
I will ask you another way
did he have relationship with some women
I never saw him with a women
I only need to know the truth
he have problem with his wife
is someone coming to him
I need to know what you want from her
we are only doing our work
they waste a lot of time
he needed to start a newpage
he only thinkinh about his life
you baby sitting them
he was awake all night
he didn't sleep
why she will lie to you
they come to ask you about him
he can go to whatever place he want
this is his work
he searched everywhere
forgive me I didn't know
what they told you in work
standup if you want me to drive you
you the one who was late
thank you girls for coming
it seems you are hiding something
I couldn't sleep
I'am coming to you now
my heart was about to stop
she asked me when you will come back
I won't let you see her
why you didn't say it earlier
close the door
what he did told you
I didn't want him to say that
I need to see you soon
I couldn't wait for you any longer
I may be late
do I wait for you
you need to try
I'am not joking
why me 
I don't know why I'am comfortable
they must be a reason
I couldn't sleep
be quick
I start to feel heavy
it seems you are hungry today
this is for you
I know that you will come today
I had breakfast a long time ago
leave it
I will bring what it needed
don't move from your place
I don't want you to suffer
did get back to sleep
are you feeling something ?
stretch tou hands
the food is a little bit  salty
don't cook there
this is bullshit
make another one
there is a lot of work this night
is this the time for play ?
why my father didn't come with you
are we not having luch together
we agreed that we are going to restaurant
like always
he don't want to left him alone
always problem
everything will be present
she will be present with her husband
why are you asking 
we prefer if she come alone
we can't do anything
i'am your daughter
what time you were her ?
i was her for a while
i was waiting for you to wakeup forever
do you want me to call her ?
i will go out to them
do i go out or not ?
you are fine aren't you ?
you feel okay ?aren't you ?
i will go to the shower and to change my clothes
i have so much to do
i will race you
i think this problem affect him
i have stayed at home for whole week
stop the work
he will come soon
he wake up
he have nothing
he seems fine
it may be tiredness who caused him this
this is unatural
what bother me is he is all alone
he don't want to come to us
we need to go to them
we need to sit with him a little bit
i don't know how to do
we are so far from him
i'am working now
can't you come sit with me
i need to know what wrong with him
he will not want to 
we will take turn later on
who gonna cook
this is his situation 
he didn't find work yet
you sleep to much
you go out a lot
he only know how to waste money
why are you patient
what do you want me to do
we won't discuss the same subject
he also need to agree
go think
i'am start to getting old
i need a boy or a girl
isn't my right also
be quick
what are you waiting for
i didn't succeed
the doctor said you are fine
i need to do analysis
if were you i won't get prengnat from him
his heart isn't bad
his heart is pure
he was affected emotionally
my father kick him from the house
what i'am gonna to do to him
if he were useful he won't kick him
only if he learned the job
he don't listen to talk that will benefit him
you are so tough
he don't let it go
you know what he have done
change the subject
they made them suffer
just stay quiet
come I want to breed your hair
give him his money
honestly we could have won the match
you were lucky
you think you are playing in street
let's go sit with men
don't you like those
he is more manly then you
you don't know him yet enough 
leave me alone
the money saved you could do with them  sona
is it good ?
let's go
you are knowen
let's change the subject
do you want honesty ?
are you with us or with them
how we gonna finish the party
forget about this movie
tell me what do you have
the home is empty
I will give you money
take the money and go shop for us
we will go to sit in home
now you are talking
the night will be noisy
okey go
just a little bit enough
I add a litte bit
this is the time
go have some shower
so tomorrow you gonna be good
we are close to finish
deal with it yourself
she will upset with you
turn of the gaz
i have nothing to wear
i want to wash my hair
we were disputing
I'am joking with you
this job require patience
you are right
i wish i could stay with you
look who knock
I have school tomorrow
good night
you also need to rest
okey i'am going with you
okey let's go
did you make my bed ?
I made a place for you
tomorrow woke up me earlier
okey I will set alarm early
leave the light of the hallway off
good night dautgher
he need to see the doctor tomorrow
he told me he is sick
his situation is very bad
he stay alone in home
I haven't forgot
I talkedto my work friend
it is difficult
bring someone he can fire
the men is fine 
he can't focus anymore
i did go to him in morning
he left kettle on top of fire
tomorrow we must go to see him
that why they stopped work
why are you thinking so much?
leave it until tomorrow
i want to go with you
tomorrow I want to travel
I will go with my grandmother
why you didn't answer me
i want to get married this year
I need to go 
I'am still gonna do lunch
i won't stay away from you
I'am hungry I want to eat
i craved meat
i want to go home
i miss my familly
i won't consider you
the men did what he supposed to do
the men he don't remember anymore
he start troubles with clients
what are you saying ?
this task left is easy
I will leave this for you to finish
I'am going out
tell me what wrong with you
i want to learn a job
this kitchen want you to be sage and patient
you like talking to much
don't joke with me
at least there you will find who to talk to
go do your thing
i have some feeling toward him
I started to like her
don't ask me
the rain fall a lot
she were washing clothes today
is cold here
we woke up early today
don't ask me anymore
you are a men
we did go to the market to shop
she is calling me
is that you ?
it seems disrespectful to argue you 
where are you now
you are so far and you don't have time for me
i know that you come for me
I'am going to shop
I confess
you are my doctor
i don't know what you talked about
can you put an end to this subject
i want to discuss something with you
we finished our discussion
come to me I need you
i didn't go
you didn't finish the talk you started
don't be sad
it hurt me that we haven't talked
you came for me
you remember everything
my sister got cold
I'am not the type of men who use people 
we both think like this
do you hear me or not ?
the market was so full 
why you did collect the clothes without my knoweldge
there is no reason to stay here
we done what you told
this are not the act of good girl
why are you asking?
your talk let me doubt you
don't do something that you will regret
we are not eating meat
leave her some
he haven't eaten for whole day
tell us a little about you
what her name
can you introduce me to her
she is from your status
not much of time is left
give people to eat
your familly will gather 
I don't like these looks
i miss her a lot
we will treat you will
don't leave anything there
welcome sir
this is a big day
we didn't know what to do
he wanted to take her
this is on me
may god give you more wealth
I just wanted to try
she look like her
is she related to you ?
i did go to revise a course
i took merchandise from the shop
i did arrive late today
today i meet up with my friend
they demanded that we do some papers
thing that i was counting on didn't succeed
i think this is our last time
I get my bac this year
I need money to do surgery
we did go to the village
i put my phone to charge
here she come
I put the food on table
I bought some new clothes today
do you want to leave 
everything is expensive for her
is there anyone who want to leave home
when i remember i will come to visit
don't forget about me
I left the children alone
i wasn't like this
say hi to neighbor daughter
I feel saad for those people
i watched a good movie
i like your dress
i like to watch tboreda
i didn't like today game
it will look disrespectful if I don't go
i did go to buy fry
i don't like what i have heard
i want to eat soup
forgave us if we did something to you
i didn't get enough of you
I will come to see you
pray to god with us
okey we will go
this place hurt me
I took what I want
i didn't like tv show
do you have a new movie
the bride is beautiful
we don't know how to caught you
just sit 
I tried the dress is so small for me
look your education where got us
this what you know to do
we lost a lot of money
be smart
they are not children anymore
that's why you educate them
you forgot that are you brothers
we love each other
it seems I need to reducate you
I'am men of honour
i don't say something bad
and you open your mouth
I don't want to see you anymore
and you still doing it
I need to cook some breads
you shouldn't beat him
what important for you is your business
they will make us a scandel in front of people
he lock up in his room from the morning
how I can speak to him
they will ruin everything
I'am confused
where he did go
where he did go
they make me laugh
we go have dinner and get back
okey ?
what you think of my talk 
add a little bit of salt
did you go ?
she regret it
we won't finish together
make me remember 
he will stay there 
do you heard what he says
you will keep living alone
they moved long time ago
i don't know where they go
I love you so much
again the same discussion
give me your card
i have no one here
I'am searching for a job
I will help you
you were wrong
forgive me I will go
are you shy
is she also run away ?
everyone protect themselves
you will ruin this familly
you need to begin from the start
don't get fooled by him
she wasn't like that
he did go and left me
is this your friend ?
i didn't know that is not my parent
she was adopted
we could bring what you want
they want me only for their interest
they were using her to beg for money
i started to learn to sing
I would have not knowen this
i woke up in the morning and i didn't find them
this why I got out
I'am confused myself
i don't know who gonna help me
did you ever work in another place
you need to treat client very well
I'am looking for job
you have showered us with godness
we will be first
I must work
like  summer like winter
she want you to beg her
we know who did this
this scare me
he talk to me about you a moment ago
i won't get embarassed with them
open your ears
this is easy
what wrong with her is she the only one
congrats on us and you
rain fall also here
see how you can do it
i won't make you problem
don't put me in this situation
don't bother me i know
I bring you here to work
there is no one that worry about you more then me
i hear nothing
i'am counting
we are closing now
are you living here
they want to get me married
you also like me
everyone know that I go out with him
everyone was talking about her
how is she now 
let it rest a little
she need to go out from here
you daughter grow up
we will see this law what will get us to
don't make her trouble
you only make me problem
okey jump in the car
I will take care of her
be quick
can i count on you something
take care of my son
today i went early
I was late 
I find the girls waiting for me
the school is so far
I lift a heavy bag
I took this paper from administration
did you see the dress i was waearing in the morning
i saw nothing
search in the closet you may find it there
I'am just joking'
why are you upset
I can't forget my  children
you need to take your medicine in time
come quickly to me don't be late
welcome into your home
I see that you didn't eat
your dressing style is exaggerate
i like your salon
okey jumb in the car
be quick we are very late
I will pass you my sister talk to her
don't worry
everything will pass
what do you want to do
do have some brain or not
it hurt my heart a lot
finish your food
turn on the tv quickly
news will start now
what are you saying ?
you need to be happy now
why are you sad
I see that you haven't asked about me
did try the clothes
I bought some thing you will like
how was the trip
I will take care of him
be fine
don't worry about me
you look tired today
work is too far from home
 i did travel to make omething
i won't be late
don't worry we will arrive early
if you like it I will bring it yo you
I will wait for you to call me
don't ever forget what i told you
did you hear what they say before
it hurt me 
I wish I have listen to your advice
they did bad things
if I were in his place I would have gone
I don't like their talk
i want to trust him but i can't
you didn't come
everything is okay
those kids are fool
her hair is long 
she don't stop talking
she speak to much
I wish I haven't hear him
she is lucky
tell her that I'am waiting for her here
I bought her with my money
look how she is looking at us
she isn't ashamed
I was going to but I changed my mind
I laughed so hard
I laughed so hard
if I were in your place I would have took her
I don't care about her
I must buy something
i did go to market
i didn't find what i want
is that place so far 
i don't want to make you late
if you were busy just get ahead of me
I'am coming behind you
I will come when i finish with those people 
you will nit loose your right
believe me i know what i'am saying
I heard what they said  with my own ears 
i have no interest in them
I wish you have heard the talk  before
you don't listen
are we gonna stay for whole year
someone is watching us
did you see the  new shop they build
i like the scenery
I like it so much
do we go to take something in that shop
did you receive the message i sent you
take care very well
don't forget him
we will speak when you come i haven't finished yet
you will finish it quickly
how was the meeting what they told you
I will tell you when you come
you exagerate
you need to give me money to wire them up
you need to come now
translate this phrases
are you in your mind
i accept your request
i wasn't going to trust this
if I knew I would have come shortly before
i was fast
I should hace come with her
why you didn't finish what i told you
did you receive the message
are you relaxed now
now we can rest
I wish you haved help me
we will finish early today
don't try
If I start writing earlier I would have finished
i want to rest
I don't believe 
you did a bad thing
if you have finished before I would have gone with them
you always late
learn to get here early 
don't do like that
I'am next to the shop
i took nothing
I wish they have come 
didn't you finish
did you watch the video i sended you
how did you find that
I have arrived a long time ago
we passed very well the exam
my eyes hurts
he didn't lie ever
you should have asked me
you all believe
you trust only what you want
do you want me to cover you
did cold hurt you
why you did put the bag in the ground
take that bag and go to market
did you shop or not yer
vegetables are expensives today
I will go to the shop to buy something
the market was full
the place was so crowded
I pay it my debt
i'am debt free
didn't you find someone to help you
don't ask me
if I did find something I wouldn't have come
sister they is nothing
it is fine sister welcome
we go at  old 7h inchallah
we go to take a taxi
the family are fine
he told us nothing sister
god bless you
no problem another time
I haven't seen her yet
don't forget to send him early in the morning
he want to send them
we need to fix it
no problem
is everything is paid
where did you get to
happy holiday
get down when iyou receive my message
forgive me sister I did forget
don't say like that it is fine
your mother did bring money
did you took nothing
i haven't yet done with papers
no problem if i didn't fix them today
I greet your neighboor
did you see the news
i don't know if i need to work or not
if you were in my place what you would have done
what did you do with her before
what they told you
are you ready or not
we need to get early
we have a lot to do
didn't you hear something
this scare me a lot
are you the one who told him
you did say everyone respect you 
when i talk to you look me in the eyes
did you finish or not
you look not fine
did you see what happened before
all of this happened
okey be quick
be quick
go there until I finish
sit take your place
stop this
take it slow
leave this thing
stay away from this
stay away from this
don't see me like this
stay do far from me
put yourself in my plce
did you not do like me
say it in another way
leave this between us
whitout them knowing
do what you can
don't leave him alone
don't interrupt me when i'am speaking
when i was talking you were spying on me
don't complain
don't be afraid
do always what you want
don't care about people opinion
take care of yourself
i said to no one our plan
mind your business
don't fool me
let me think carefully and then I will answer you
don't worry
i must come to see what happened
without rushing me
i had enough
this is enough for me
just listen to me
I wish he have listen to talk
why are you stubborn
you should have not talk
i don't know why the phone is hanging up
i like this landscape
no one has come yet
I have thought very well
how are you
how is life there
what do you understand from this
he works a lot
he study too much
i was busy
i didn't find time
like always
like you use to
do you know each others
we are working together
we work together
what bring you here
why you did come now
I come to study
I come for study
I come to work
since when you live here
not too much
i just came
how much you intend to stay here
are you living alone
do you have some brothers
this is normal
you look nice
they is no problem
think well
I haven't understood you
explain to me
you are wrong
I don't remember
I think is not necessary
this is bettere
I think it is too late
I think it is too late
what are you saying is vey important
can i help you
think before doing anyting
please give me glass of the
what are you searching for
wait for him to finish the movie
when you will travel
where are you going
not your business
I wish you happy holiday
you should have told me early
i had no news about it
is this necessary
wash your hand before sitting at table
close the window before getting out
since when she didn't work here
since she got married she stopped working here
i see nothing without glasses
i understand nothing when the music is so loud
i smell nothing when i'am sick
when rain fall we take taxi
I feel tired when I start reading
I will retire when I'am sixteen years old
when you will call me
you are free
honestly I don't remember her name
i forgot about adress
I have forgot about him
what this heat
yes today is so hot
forgive me I will introduce myself
what do you like to read
this what I were looking for
i want to shoot
i want to write
i want to eat
wait for me tomorrow
I'am dressing out
I'am so hungry
I'am thirsty
I'an tired
it is hot here
i don't like you
forgive me 
you are nice
goodbay see you later
we see you later
you need to ask someone who knows
what are you doing
what are you working
I'am taking care of my children
how much time you gonna stay her
how much time you are here
since when you are here
forgive me I have things to do
can we meet tomorrow
how we say this
can you speak slowely please
I don't know
do you speak arabic
this is your gift
how I can call you
i want to see you
I think you are wrong
i didn't get upset from what he told me
do you need help
what do you mean
i didn't understand what you told me
I woke up very early
I'am washing my face
I go to work
I got back to home
I'am having lunch in home
we speak when we get back from work
I'am dinning
I will go to sleep
I'am preparing breakfast
I clean the home
I'am cooking food
I'am washing plate
I will go walk a litte bit
I'am listenning to music
did you see what happening
do you understand what you need to do now
you won't understand me
did you hear what they say
did you open the door
look who is calling
please talk to them
don't say to me you forgot
he is so capable
they owe you nothing
i know what i'am doing
i don't know where i'am
search everywhere
don't lie to me
i won't come here
do you know who is that
what wrong did something happen
i fall before
who is calling in this time
did you answer or not
please call me fast
did you speak with them
what this place that we come to
do you know where they live
the car broke in the road
be attentive you may fall
i call them but no one answered
where did you get
start the car
I will reduce the price for you
buy two it will be cheap
where he hided this
we got blessed
do you have his number
didn't you see my glasses
i didn't sleep yesterday
I will send my parents to haj
the picture need to stay as it is
a lot of people  did get into trouble
you still sitting comfortably
get out
don't put your hand on anything
do you understand what i told you or not
tell me if you knew something
everythinf changed
nothing is the same
i won't forgive you
what you have done is a lot
do you understand what i told you
are you aware of waht happenning
I'am upset
where are we going
he does  whatever he wants      
i want to score a good note
do feel okay
you did speak to someone of them 
how I have never saw you
we live next to each other
we are neighbor
do you know what you did
i wasn't going to trust this if i didn't see with my own eyes
did you hear what i have said
did pay attention to the explanation
you believed in talk
I wasn't talking at all
you doing nonesense
are you aware of waht happenning
you need to be attentive
you are untrusted human
i have told you this many times
don't come today
i trust no one
I was going to come shortly before
I greet your my aunt
is that women related to you
is she from familly
you are working aboard
he is living aboard
those people come in the holiday
you were late because eof me sorry
I'am late today
I don't believe what are you saying
did you not took the paper
believe me if i said you will win
you need to do what I told you
are you talking seriously
I don't know how you trusted him
did you work today
i lost the key 
we meet yesterday
I did find it on table
do you have nothing to say
I don't know what to do
i did go to take the delivery you give me
don't tired yourself
there is no tirdness
he will arrive quickly
he don't want to be late
is it true
you are in good mood
this is too much for me
you should have told me before 
call me when you get there
did they contact you
when they told you to come
it seems you like it here
did you rest
it seems you don't want to put efforts
did you have lunch
welcome 
you will find no problem
this is the first time I see them
I don't even know them
I search for you
what happened
what happened
let's go out now
forgive me I interrupted you
i can't go out
i need to rest
I'am in holiday
I promise you I won't be late
we need to go
do you understand what i meant
I understood you
what do you mean
oh what a suprise
this is the least I expected
he is  very easy 
nice try
is there something new
i have some good news
do you know me
I don't know you
are you waiting for someone
I'am waiting for my friends
thank you for coming 
I feel like I know you long time ago
I heard a lot about you
are you listening to me
look what we have her
this is very important
i don't know what to do
tell me about yourself
i have nothing to say
okey let's start
what do you want
where are we going
what do you want to say
what I need to do
when you will come back
do you need something
can you do me a favour
can you help me
don't do this
what do you say
what do you think
what do you mean by this
what is your problem
do you know to do something
what is your number
tell me your number
spell those numbers for me
why are you upset
is there someone here
did you finish you work
why you didn't come
are you tired
is this important
is this true
how do you spell it
this were long time ago
now this isn't anymore
do you know finally whatt to do 
not yet
what is your name
i'am honored to meet you
welcome 
i see that this day you are not normal
don't worry everything is fine
it is my son birthday
everyone will drive you her
okey work
wa want cake
you are not cheap
I would have given you my eyes
you also have luck
we will do what you want
nothing will upset you
i got nothing to say you prepared everything
i go shower while youget to home
my son is polite
you did it
you have done what your brain told you
are you in the mood now ?
the boy is to little for soccer
you didn't remember last year what happened
we asked him to eat he don't want to
I will go sign him up in the fitness room
you accept everything he tell you
you will be in trouble
my son is the light of my eyes
I will never let it happen
to much for him this child
don't bother
i will do what he told me
i don't know how to do it
thank you for bringing me here
be quick so we can finish this
did i ever exagerate ?
the situation is tight a little bit
i got no reduction for you
put that merchandise
when is this 
you were so late
he have some problem in heart
we need to make sure
I'am with him in the hospital
this talk stay between us
we need to put in efforts
sit finish your breakfast
why are always in rush
I will go to turn on electricity
i'am your client
is there something to do
keep the mood
it been a long time since we danced
this is the occasion
I'am waiting for them in front of the door
we be there in half hour
this is good luck
this is the happy hour
come we will talk a little bit
I'am scared
eat welcome
may good keep this good relationship
well chosen
wake up
give him more tea
let us enjoy life
we only saw godness from him
you made me doubt
he make millions out of you
and you are doing a project
I work very hard
start your own project
we are here to help you
you will bankrupt me
I will start to work out from today
he enter and go out mad
what this diaster you doing to yourself
I asked you answer me
i'am capabale to solve this problem
I won't answer you
the landlord want money 
we need to be more patient
I can't do this
let me  go on foot
you made them a reason
you got paper from bank
i regret marrying
everyone has turned their face on me
she won't refuse your request
I will start a big project
discuss it with them
this is a lot
I'am tired
the envy ruin him
he did it to his self
they know everything
they want to let you smile
they manipulate you 
leave  him calling until he gets tired and he will hang up
the shop is not making profit
they don't deserve this suffering 
I console him
take some juice 
i have no face to see him
no letter no call
drink the sea
i can't be mad over you
we want nothing from you
take it off your mind
you showed your true colors
my mind was not mature
i followed them they ruined me
go drive  the car
you must have it to move
are you hurt 
be patient
you will make me insane
stop crying
he didn't go play with me
i want to talk to him 
okey my dautgher
I will be with you after tomorrow
don't waste my time
where did you stayed at night
it seems they respect him
you love eating food to much
turn it off dautgher
stop eating
go to your room now
did you see me
be quick
it was about a nonth since we did go to the sewer
they don't want you
you are attached to me
i don't know why he do this to me
whenever I call you you always busy
you are precious to me
each time you have meeting in some place
you have no interest in me anymore
you don't give me time
go sit
don't let the headscarf loose
are you early today
i took photo with bride before
those are the family of the groom
I feel like they are arrogant
sister I'am tired
you deny godness
with health and comfort
I will bring you what you want
did you finish
they will come soon
I see that you rushed me
I will follow you
your afraid to embarrass you
i don't ask
I put all my money in the salon
i won't find better then your daughter
we couldn't find time due to our job
he was muscular
how much long we are married
they need to understand each other
you must have it to go
they suit each other
I forgot my dautgher in rooftop
this is second time I see you
the situation is bad
I'am talking seriously
you are acting like groom
disperation of reunification
I don't want you
she only get upset she don't know what to say
is this hard for you to do
okey give me a smile
"leave me here, I'am comfortable"
I don't answer him
I can't swim
is there some problems
I thought he bother you
I'am ready from now if you want
it is impossible whenever we go out you fight someone
it is enough
what are you doing here
I rest from work
didn't suit me
I'am okay with myself
we need to live in peace
this is bullshit
we share meals
diet is very important
I come to train here
I will come back quickly
don't screw up
where are you going
say hi to them
you scared me
it was forced
take it slowely we are afraid for you
i didn't see you and you didn't saw me
say okey
i have gived my word
from the day I born I haven't lost single gram 
stop here
i'am running from the morning
i didn't see you
go train 
it seems she is stupid
do you defend her
what his work
he meant me
what this childish act
we try to sensibilize people
what do you think to help me
everything is there
i'am so tired
did you see how nice they are
I think they were to focused on you
you did cause a trouble
go do some makeup
i will call you later
you look so skinny
she come and go
I can't move any longer
why are you confused
i don't know my feet from my hand
I didn't hear what you said
what I wanted to take is run out
go to that shop
you may find something
are you sure of what are you saying
she did insult him
he didn't get shy
don't forget about it
don't be afraid everything is fine
later
you are better this way
tell me what happened
they will treat you will
take care of yourself
i will stay here
you are right
I'am happy
they will live with us
I will sell sheep
to who you gonna do godness
are you relieved now
why you distored me
leave home
so happy for that
why are you not important to us
don't think too much 
no need to worry
we come only to do godness
aren't you ashamed
are you upset with me
i didn't i'am the big problem of your life
are you fine
she don't want divorce
you are looking for fight it seems
why are you looking to me like this
it is impossible to not come
i want you just to be happy
is everything is okay
she is so sick
she need to comeback
she were drinking a medicine
she is like my sister
my childhood friend
he have heart problem
I get used to here
please pray to god for her
i don't want to be alone
you need to love yourself
nothing changed in you
she is losing weight
she were about to do a suregry
just pray for her
I was thinking to drink that medicine
you try to do the impossible
she meet a lot of people around
those people are unuseful
I was afraid for you
you are powerless
I will stay with her
go have some rest
no need to deny
she greet them
don't care about people opinion
I miss you a lot
we are free
no one have right to be involved in this
when we were agreeing with each otherf
what news you have
how is that girl
who is with me
give me the adress
I will be there soon
did you see people how they speak to me
what are you saying please people
is she passout 
this is impossible
you are the first one who did get here today
are you sure
don't threw yourself
she won't come until morning
I thought you want to throw yourself
is there a car mechanical close to here
you only the one here
can you call him for me
the car wheel are broken
i want you to fix my motor
if it please you
how much time you need
I need half hour 
can you take a coffe while i finish this
bring us a snack like always
no please I don't want to
welcome
it is not in your habit
you made me unlucky
take taste it a little bit
this by force ?
did someone send you to me ?
again you
forgave me I didn't mean it
stop 
the director is coming
stand up
stop talking
how is work
at least your work is well done
don't threw something on her
go with me to see
the important thing is you are working very well
you work very well
she is better then other
i always see her holding a book and study
i always told her not to
her parents died from accident
she want to work
when she finish her work send it to me
when his wife died he stopped show up in factory
he told me that he love her a lot
she was  beautiful poor girl
he died drowning
take care of your work
if this time you waste talking was used for working we would have achieved great things
i told you take care of your work
I told you mind your business
she study day and night
she called the manager
someone want you talk to him
go ahead of me
don't look to me up and down
he don't like women since her wife died
follow me
please help your self
here the women who I told you about
this is my story
I read all the novels of this author
now i'am reading this book
the love win in the end
who taught you to read ?
reading fill your time
is there any news
forgive if I have said something that upset you
can you go to dinner with me
is it me
how much you been working here?
approximately a year
how did you find a job
some women did help me
is she member of your family
they request it
what is your study level
you will eat by my taste
honestly I'am not very hungry
give me what i'am used to
do you have others interest ?
i have some suggestion for you
when we finsih sinner we go to a nice place
if you like something there take it
there isn't but
I like to draw
the discussion is ended
I'am close to finish
i will give you to see a little bit
did you ever travel ?
i did go when i was a child
I liked a small men
this city seems romantic
I need to drive you
you were late
don't bite your nails
when you don't like me why did you go  out with me
i need to talk to someone
don't think that i  have ulteriour motive
get out
wipe your tears
this is the last time you say this talk
next time don't ask too much questions
i don't like too much talking
we go to work proudly
I can't understand you
you made women unworthy
he have one women in his heart
listen closely to what I'am going to say
my heart choose her
this who will be your life partner
your place isn't here
I'am very jealous in love
i would never oppress you
gather your clothes and follow me
I want only to know what did you do to him
how did you manipulate him
i don't know what are you talking about
she have a tough life ahead of her
did you think he loves you
he will only pass time with you
tell me what you want
I don't care about your talk
have a safe trip
stop looking at people
do you want to make mad say it
we will travel
i didn't take all my clothes
forget about all of this
forgave me I'am coming
they are waiting for us
you will be a princess in this castle
come to I will present them to you
what do you want for dinner today
do what you want
no need to bring someone else
everyone do their job
everything here is in order
she was guest room
she have a nice landscape
you are old in this house
i want him to be happy with me
okey i will see
can i go with you
it seems you are working
do you want me to help you with something
I think you have meet up
i can count on him for many things
i have many story you will like them
we have some work to do
we will get back later
my sister and her husband will come
they will have lunch with us today
I trust you completely
you know more then me what he like
i didn't know you will be like this
she will be beautiful
this who gonna understand her
go out to get some fresh air
 let me talk to the lady 
i don't want to talk to much
i do not want to intervene in your business
I advice you to stay away from her
she is jealous of you
it seems you cooking from the morning
when you going to throw w party
you still don't know
what you know to do 
do we eat i feel hungry
it seems you love him
change your haircut
he told me nothing
he is attentive to details
he must have changed
it seems you are nice
I wish you happiness
I'am happy
he was upset and his face is pale
finally they are gone
this my sister and I know her
no doubt she asked a lot of question
what happened today
let's go take a ride
you will see nothing in the night
he is accoustomed
I told you not to go
don't say to some one that you did find me her
she never comeback
why you did go there
i told you not to enter there
what did i do ?
I'am the fool who bring you here
why are you acting like this
I always myself yelling at her
i don't want to yell at you
if you want me to help you say it
i did find a weird men
forgive me I'am going to search for some papers
he need to be wipe a little this peach  belong to someone
she wasn't afraid alone
she was afraid of nothing
she was a big shock for him 
what have you done to yourself
come to sit
who let you choose this ?
are they even going to finish ?
please talk to her
don't say to me that you are afraid of your job
can i ask her personnally
thank you for saving me from her
i don't know why i look stupid
people talk never end
that's why you are marrying me
explain to me this
you will explain to me in details
i always made you trouble
we don't need to act to each other
you should have married someone in your age
what do you mean
you are the best one I have in this life
why are you saying this
i don't want to say
sometime I mess up
you were gonna expose me
you were spying on me
i want to know who
I did heard a weird sound
this is her cousin
at least one of the family welecome me
i don't like it
he left you and traveled far away
if you want tou can have breakfast with us
don't say to your men that you saw me
he don't like me
that's why i asked
maybe we bother him
i think you opened the windows
you like to be here
this is the best room
her smell is here
I see betrayal in your eyes
I will found her even if she deep in earth
where she did go 
be cautious with your talk
come I will show you what he bought her
i want to see nothing
is the women here is me
i want to make a request
this is my idea
i want happiness to come home
if this will make you happy will do it
she have experience
I will fix my own bed
be comfortable
who  of them you want ?
no one answered
nothing happend
living in the city is hard
you will suffer in the city
you will sleep with us
she is bringing her news
he did go to her cousin
she is old lady she know nothing
why this too much of work
you still stubborn
I will beat the hell out of you
this girl is not for you
i don't want to think about it
you are not the one who gonna tell me what to do
they can't speak
I love him so much
I sell flowers
i do want nothing
I grew up in village
you are luck you did meet us
we will go with you 
I will make you beautiful
i'am addicted to her
if she don't marry me we will kill her
people are looking 
I don't have an ennemy
i don't want to get police involved
it easy for you to accuse people
i think you mistaken them for someone
he can't do this act
forget about that engagement
is this is true or not
forget about the past
when is this
I come for the work they are requesting
this is the first time I'am working
your tongue is long a little bit
if we don't pay he will sue us
we need someone to help us
you are fast learner
everyone spend money according to hise income
you know
go or I will come to beat you
I was about to call you
my writing is clear
when they will call me
it will be fine
circumstances don't let me finish my study
this is my job
i want you to get back to waht you used to be
he have a big company
where are you taking me 
do you want me to help you ?
can you make like her ?
i want no one to see me
be quick
the guest are coming
i want to make them a suprise
he is close to be ready
who told you to wear this
you will never be like her
shut up I don't want to hear you
why are you making yourself tired
he will never forget about her
how they know her
please i don't want you to see me
why you didn't let me be close to you
consider me your friend
why are you running from me?
I don't deserve her
what i was afraid of happened
what you do is bad
I known this
discussion has ended
no one asked me about
do you still love me
everyone is the same 
I was surprised
why you hide from me
I felt that you are far from me
why you didn't say it to me ?
you need to know how she was in the beginning
I wanted to meet her
he couldn't succeed in his life
I was treating everyone very well
everything you give him time
I live suffering
this women don't deserve you
what is the solution now
i couldn't tell you
you should have told me
she told me her secret
i wanted to kill her that time
I found her waiting for me
she don't want to wake up
she focused on her
I looked outside
I got back
i would never leave you
you are the best humain in this life
we will go
this point is weird
she wasn't alone
we will do our work
that what i told you i do
you need to help us
they will trap me from prison
she like to entertain
if we want you we will call you
stop
your eyes say something else
you could be useful to me
I think to buy a frim
he is so jealous
you don't have proof
you are jealous of me
who is your doctor
you know everything about her
tell me what happened
she was a rogue 
this will not let you suicide
he looks serious and shy
we will go to him
i want to be present with you
come I want to talk to you
i want to stay with you
I promise you I will comeback to you
I'am the one who talking not you
you will free us from all those problem
we understood now
now we know everything
i understood nothing
I need to change my idea
look how he is
i can't accept insult
don't think about this
don't be afraid i'am with you
the important is you live
i can't live without you
you are precious to me
she listen to me now
like always
i will be there soon
turn on some music
you only the one left
do as people
know he is a man
do you have a picture of him
the men is famous here
there is no problem
I know all the people here
she will go to her in the evening
give me money for the transportation
when I receive all the merchandise
you know i have one word
you are looking for trouble
where this boy is going
like me like your children
i know
he won't like it if he heard about it
i won't repeat talk again
this what you have
the day is long
I have a lot of work to do
everything is okay
you are always saying like this
her owner is waiting for it
take us a taxi
come before i get upset
how much i have
some bottle of cold water
they told her she is pregnant with boy
he has his blood in his veins
their children need them
who beat their daughter
when he needed me he didn't find me close to him
i shouldn't let him go
don't be in this situation
you have no sins in this
I left him
I did bring him to hell
what is this
why do you want to know
you know or not
i don't cross the border without paper
don't repeat the same talk with me
get down and close the door
okey he talked to you
leave my hands
don't make a scene
if I had a mom I be with her now
she want to sell gold
please take me with you
do something
you don't want to go right ?
i don't want to see you here
he want to hear from you
forgive me brother
where did you meet her 
she did go to bring merchandise
we meet at the door
sit with us
some people asked about you
i never saw him here
it seems he is not from here
he didn't tell why he want me
she never said anything
i was n't comfortable to him
i haven't given him time
if he call me again 
do you want something to drink ?
i'am going now
time is tight
don't forget to visit us
have some respect between us
i will beat you 
he begin to harass her
everything will show later
don't forget to call your mom
she won't take from me money
you will tired me with you
be quick do you want us to stay here
it is enough for you
you look weird today ?
may good free us from this work
each one have their own fate
if i did know you are sick i would have come to you
are you going in the same road i can drive you ?
i like talking to you
I have fun with you
i wish you could stay with me always
thank god i found you
they make business out of him
this is your home right ?
i want to ask you
answer me and don't be mad on me
your house is good and big
this is my house son
is he don't live with you
he works in another city
he have work and he travel a lot
open the door
I'am running
am i stupid
he will go to withdraw money
i want to smoke a cigarette
where are the money
i want my money
give me money and I will be with you
the hospital that is next to your home
when is this
I will stay here until you come
he lives nearby
will i show you now
they took us to the doctor
i don't have anything to hide
who wins have mercy on losers
she is an old client of mine
what you don't remember me ?
did your car broke
sorry i did not remember you
this take a lot of time
she is very late
there is a lot of sick people
we need to  get in line
we need to be patient a little bit
took her to hospital
you killed me with hunger
i did bring the groceries
can i go to kitchen cook you something
wait me to change my clothes
can i cook the food you like
i wish she is fine
hope you hear a god news
we will finish quickly
stay like this don't move
sit here and relax a little bit
her situation is bad
she have cancer in her stomach
do you feel some pain these days ?
she don't  complain
even if she sick you won't tell me
i will now how to do
i did know that  this news will shock you
you are the only child she have
i need to say the truth
those are the hardest cases
what you say is impossible
tomorrow will see
i need you to became stronger
she will need you a lot these days
no hope 
do you know what i'am saying or not
the doctor is better then you
why are you talking as the person is dead
give me that phone
take this medicine when you want to sleep
you will go out now ?
if you ever need something here is the money
let me work on myself
do you want me to stay at home ?
you both will turn to ash
wait for us to get to an understanding
you want to take our money
we love only our people
the devil fooled me
I don't want to see you anymore
douad will never do it again
are you waiting for someone ?
i want to take this food with me
are you the girl who i did meet in the morning
your tongue is long a little bit
how is your mom
i took it home
you take medicine slowely
she need to recover
i like being alone
you don't have to pay for me
how much i have please
can i aske you please ?
how is not possible
you were nice just a minute ago
you need to treat her very well
put a lot of efforts
go to them
tell him to get out to me
I see different type of people
i can't say
they live here long time ago
i have never seen him
he don't mind his business
life is okay
is it guaranteed
if you want to try the merchandise welcome
i want my money on the table
what is this
don't spend your money on me
do i look broke 
I can support myself
I find them cheap and I did bought them
i don't want you to buy me something
if you need something come to me
you won't see my face in house
what he want 
I will go to search for work
i don't have energy for this job
only time kill us
come to relax
how I'am gonna wake up
I'am living with little
halal is more blessing
i'am not a thief
the broker set meeting for bad people
this time if you are broke you will suffer
they want to control you
i suffered to make you a men
I will become insane answer me
i don't want to go to no place
you hair is so smooth
you made me smile even if i'am upset
we were inseparable
we were like two friends
he did fool me
this got out of my hand
if you were  destined to meet her you will meet her
you have nothing to do
you want to deny me
you didn't say you have guest with you
i didn't take you into account 
are you going to work
i had no energy to answer you
he begin to know who are you
you the only ine I thought of
i couldn't call anyone
i will try to finish early
don't let her go out
i will remove her
you couldn't know who ?
this made me doubt
you have nothing to be afraid of
we will come for him before he come to us
this what I wanted to hear
these days there is a lot of work
just relax
the other thing are on us
he will open a store
that what he is saying long time ago
this landscape is beautiful
this city is beautiful
you did not say you know him
this is the first time i meet him
no i don't know him
they are friend
what does your father work?
from time to time he goes to him
he go to him to accompagny him
i live with my mother
only me and him
head to head
you did not marry
what I want to do with marriage
that is a lot of headache
what I'am gonna do with men
i want to stay free
I want to stay alone is better
you done something or not
forgive me I did stopped you
come to relax
where are you now
I will leave you together a little bit
sit with her a little bit
why you don't understand
visit us often
forgive me I did make you tired
working with you is comfort
me who invited you not her
you are alike
you like him also
he never said he got a daughter
all she thinks about is her daughter
it is unlikly that i remember him
he did go oversea illegaly
we have no news about her
i don't know if you are alive or dead
he always go to the beach
is not your business
he need to have hope to keep living
it is too late to speak
i have money
the case is not case of money
this what we can do
she need drugs to calm her down
doctor have nothing to do 
he did manipulate her
he told me the same talk he always say
you did brought her that home
I live alone
she suffer to bring me rent money
i haven't forgotten that she is the reason
he always took me with him
from place to place
from city to city
i have my friend everywhere
everytime I leave my friend and I go
I get accoustemed to a place
and i will get out from her
she is running away
she find a new job in a new place
i learned in the street
every time she changing
i have many faces
i don't ask her
why she did let him leave
why she bring me with her
she never answered me
i haven't yet knew my father
she still alive
is not important how much time is left
how you going to pass time with her
don't remove this necklace out of your neck
i didn't expect this
this failed
we will go have a dinner out
come with me
I wish you have let me make you something
stay away from street food
you upset me with this
this is not good
he couldn't
take care of your health
there is only one death
you exagerate a lot
you cry a lot
my son has grow up quickly
go do your thing alone
it will be done today
i'am a little busy
you were laughing a moment ago
who give bith to other
you stick your noise into everything
are you not going out today
i just want to stay close to you
it been a while since we watched a movie together
let's go watch a theatre
I laughed so hard
proudness
the parents when they grow up they become like little children
i haven't saw her happy for a long time
i caught one and i did beat him
they were all afraid of me
i don't know why i'am telling you this
I keep talking to him
he do like he don't listen to me
he ignore me
i'am invisible 
he don't speak to me ever
i think they blame me
if you don't want to tell me don't
nothing to hide
I was engaged
he got married for paper
the best thing he did in his life
it was destined to get here
you destined to stay with me
i be brief
I have done it
no one understand
it good you passed this without trouble
wake up
she beat them
he want to fool me
where is my son
you did travel with him ?
let him go
her son is my friend
what do you want me to say
he died and i stayed alive
how i'am gonna say this
brother he is dead
I'am the one who asked to let him go with me
i was never  bold enough to tell you this
now you know why i'am afraid for you
this what you want to hear
do what you want
who was working here
if I were me I would have knew
who is knocking in this time
a win or a loose
you know me very well
I'am so far 
who is responsible for this
I made a cup of verbena for you
why you look down on me
i'am good at cooking
it been a while since she came to see me
her heart is good
this capable women
she knows and feels
she show in her eyes
she suffered a lot in life
she still standing
don't leave her
grab her with your teeth
I only have you in  this life
i have nothing to say
the lady don't breath
he grabbed my hand
the water is sinking the boat
people are drowning
my eyes got into his eyes
I woke up in hospital
he took me to hospital
it is impossible to forget
i don't know yet
i wish i'am dreaming
the boy died in the beach
i was so scared for you
we look strong but we are weak inside
i'am different then you
don't see me like them
you the one who killed him
you have nothing to explain
don't ever call me 
forget about me
i'am the one left
I'am your child
i want to start a new life
he were also my brother
i did not find who comfort me
i didn't find someone to be with me
i forgive you
i always told you don't get out alone
call me i will drive you
I will go to live there
i left my life my job to take care of you
i'am to tired to talk to you
why are you doing this
you are not my son
i didn't educate you like this
don't ask me
what bring you here
what do you want from me
you fool people and you take all of there money
i want him to grow up and live without you
he was living in the same neighboorhod
they come to vist us
do you stll see him
he need to go
i'am not in rush
do you see or not 
i still want to talk to you
there some people that are waiting for me
we eat together at the same plate
i want just to relax
what do you want again
he is a seasonal workers
he have done hardwork
he got the same habit as you
nothing slip from his hands
i won't let you close to him
he was never your son
i'am tired of looking
do you still blame me ?
where have you been long time ago
think about this talk
i don't want to see you again
i was at jail
what his relationship with me 
let me ask for forgivness
let him do something to cool me down
i can't talk to no one
i did go to the mosque to pray
do you know who
you put a lot of efforts for me
your son stayed away from bad things
from now on i will be beside you
i want nothing from this life
don't go and leave me
i changed my life because of you 
i know that you hear me
don't open the door
you the only one left
you won't answer  me ?
think about this
I'am going to the shop
are you upset
people are getting away from trouble and we search for them
what wrong if we don't go once
i never ruined his mood
help me
do we keep living in rented house
i'am to tired to cook
cook nothing
step by step you reach your goal
he started to wake up
we won't be late
my mother is inviting us
do as you please
did the shirt suit me
what this beauty
that is my taste
did your oncle treat you very well
he did everything he could
you deserve all godness
i like to go there
i couldn't left the bag
we grew up with leftovers
not everyone eat leftovers
this is called spoil
when he will be free from this suffering
 leave her alone 
i like your food
i will eat whatever you give me
take this eat my parts
get up i need yo speak to you
isn't a shame 
i have no money
how I'am gonna go
how I'am gonna take a taxi
speak sofetly
I have to tell you anything
is not a big deal
when did you come back
you left me nothing
no need
let's us see you
I wish we never knew her
this is neighbor dautgher
i do not like her
this is her nature
what we gonna do to her
the lady don't breath
she come for a short time and she go 
in your opinion this how understanding look like 
he was so close to beat him
i don't know what he is hiding from us
only you shut your mouth
I have said the truth
you will know how is friendship is precious
you are still young you  know nothing
you are hard to swallow
i don't know if you are with me or with her
you been punished for your sins
you didn't let me clean lens at peace
the lady don't breath
we don't need to bring it up
marriage suit you
you are fooling me I guess
stop fooling me
i don't like this bullshit
may god give you what you are wishing for
i wish i had a nice car
when i didn't you you called me
you won't pay me coffe
you have changed since you got married
you start wasting money
i need to find a good girl
come on get married
everyone want to fly
don't exagerate
he want my clothes
this is why  i do not want to marry
What's better
Where is y gift
I look really good
Beauty that God gives you
Are you crazy or what 
Are you serious ?
What happened
Can't we rest in this house
Where is the bread ?
I threw everything
what else then
don't give me those lame answers
He is like my father
Not everyone is lucky
what are you doing in the company
That's why she is pretentious 
She likes serious people
She never saw beauty
you just did not get to know her well
she is taking care of everything
she is got no taste
Have you gotten plastic surgery
Which date has it been published
Someone lifted it for me
They're thieves
I will send it to me
we won't wait for next week
He doesn't pay on time
How is your marriage doing ?
let it be
did you set a datet for the wedding
the most important thing is getting the money
what do you do with this thing
I just need to finish this first
I have prior history in this
this is the wedding gift
don't bother with this
you're welcome
we know newlyweds need money
my uncle did the necessary
I owe him a lot
this is not my business
please deliver my greetings to your wife
look what I got you 
close your eyes
I thought you brought your bag
My living room will get messy
I brought this for the kitchen
get this mess away from me
we will see them later
why are you out of your job
always blame the bus
I told you to stay at home
you won't believe who I met
I did not see her for a while
if only you saw how she looks like now
she is wearing gold all over
I wish I was wearing gold all over too
she gave me her number
come whenever you want
Let's spill some tea
you look like some celebrity
my feet hurts I need to rest
she won't agree
Are you lying to her
I only tell her the truth
where will you live
I am not spoiled
she is not picky 
she needs to be supportive
I came to visit you
we lack for nothing
rhis is a mess
I am being serious
this is such a problem
welcome
I just gave you to shower
you're worth it
I do not know what to do
she went to a wedding
the wedding is in two weeks
I will invite only people that are close to me
it's like that 
I will make you proud 
would you like me to pour you a cup of tea
I feel embarrassed 
I want to work with you 
I want to work in a company
this is why I called you
she will give birth
I want her to prove herself
she wants to raise her kids
Try her luck
her academic level is low
you will like her
you can start tomorrow
need something else ?
I need nothing for now
it's like you predicted it 
I do not involve myself in this 
I wanted to take you seriously
you need to that into consideration
what is your experience
you need to follow my advice
Sorry I came without prior notice
I was close by so I decided to pay a visit
you have good taste
Nothing comes at the same time
you will have a home one day 
what year ?
I did not come to eat anything
I brought you a great opportunity
my friend moved out
I thought of you first
You simplify it
i will work hard for such a cheap salary
I am not fit for hard labour
I thought you will be happy
I a not a fool like you 
I am not someone who will do hard work
Her eyes are sharp
sleep and shut up
we did not talk about the important stuff
congratulation on the new job
women became the provider
if you are not up for it why did you marry me
it's not a crime to start from zero
you go to sleep
My shoe is uncomfortable
tell her they came
I missed you
I need them to meet
my husband is a jeweller
I still did not get married
Wait until you marry and you will get sick of him
she is very needy
where did you find her
I do not believe it
I see her and I feel like laughing
I feel content with him
my husband is older 
he has two kids
this is a good marriage
these are the friends that I told you about
wait I will call the driver
have a safe trip
wait until you had lunch and then go
I feel sorry for her
he is old enough to be her dad
people are living in luxury
Men need only to be rich
I cannot marry only for money
I had better suitors
why are you lying
what is her problem
maybe he will write everything in her name
I don't think so
be straight with me 
I do not know where to start
she wanted to finish her studies
you cannot work 
each time we meet we fight
I am glad I have you in my life
we need to talk
you need to be on time
she wore a nice outfit
you need to be polite
let's eat
the food will get cold
your mind is elsewhwere
she looks like she passed out
is she sick
someone help
don't worry it will be fine
think about the good stuff only
She barely ate
that medicine is really dangerous
it's the only one I have
I will lose my daughter
I can't breath
why are you bothering
what's the issue 
can one not be left alone in his own house
why are you looking at me this way
may god bring you happiness
I wish you good
what do you want now
you better shut up or else
you've been loud since morning
you did not even let us rest
tell her to lose weight 
shut up
I don't want to hear your voice
she is not only my friend
she needs to have a surgery
how could you believe this
sometimes I feel weak
some people are useless to you
are you helping him
no need to thank me
I hope I was of help to you
she is in the hospitals
she is not going out today
does she knows that people can see her
dhgkjhsgjklgnjgn
there is stuff we should not do
I like it a lot
I have a lot of shops
there is a lot to say
I never imagined that
she went up until she saw from above
let her tell them
I will keep this with you 
don't be hasty
I know the way well
people will like it
let's go we don't want to be late
am I the odd one out
he got in the car with him and went away
he has a nice writing style
he is a relative
I am ready
you don't have time
I've yet to drink coffee
he left me alone
you know I care about you a lot 
you know how much is left to do
you did a good deed
they're playing favourites
finally
she is very affectionate 
you will find me in the kitchen
I am cooking now
this too much patience
you're a big deal
I need to buy something from the store
I really need to go
this is lame
this is not funny
I am still here
why were you late
you left me waiting
is this a cafй I will sit in
will we keep talking in the streets
everyone will look at her
people love to gossip
not with anyone
he invited me to launch
I couldn't refuse
we went to a classy restaurant
don't wait for me
wait here
do you want to have witnesses
no one knows what we talked about
give me a cigarette
you are a smoker on top of that
I will ask my sister for money
I will pay you back
if only you looked for a job
I couldn't 
I only found hard labour jobs
what do you think about my job
at least I am not using my hands
I need a job fit of my reputation
That's what we just said
how much is the duty
time's up
I pay for this place
this is is for what
I will do my job as well 
we are making money
there is a lot of you here
since you're here help me
do you need this now
Fry me some potatoes
there is and there isn't
they have no brain
you don't look good
are you still at work
the hour is to god
what's wrong with them
take off the apron
They are quarreling
they will take my money
I regretted leaving him
I shouldn't have given them money
only half is sufficient
let's thank god
you had no problem leaving us alone
come eat launch
I am not hungry
he will think you did not want him to see her
what I want is to get away from this problem
I am in huge trouble
do you want both of us to die
follow me
It's okay with you
I did not eat breakfast
I don't feel like eating
Encourage
don't get angry at me
May god give health for who prepare that
he is glaring at me
they want no job or their parents goodwill
send them this
the good stuff are plenty
Follow me by facilitating
take care of your body
make them jealous
here is money to pay for your friends
you found the solution
You're very fast
Remind yourself
if you have time I need to talk you 
right now
you need to study
you're the future
you need some coffee
open your eyes
if you did not understand us we will make you understand
I have one hell of a plan
we need to get out of this crisis
go with me step by step
be smart
I agree now
you are amongst men
explain
easy peasy
we will rob a jewellery store
a lucky strike
we will be arrested 
jgkjdgnjdkgsjksdn
focus on your studies
did you study something
jndfnbdfjgndfsfdj
quiet and subtle
how much did I get from the prize
it's my honor
you understand me now
it's pretty affordable
your friend is calling you
she is am busy swimming
we don't meet anymore
I don't go to the gym anymore
I have everything at home
he works out before work
I cannot go out now
I am busy
say hi to your daughters
call me when I call you
how is the prize
I feel relieved without her
this place is no good
all other places are closed
Wish you didn't speak
I cannot do another job beside this one
if only i had money
eat politely 
kids are like that
I let you be comfortable
you want to stay a child forever
I will still take care of you 
I will rest until I finish
I always eat my dinners here
see with  your sister
everyone has different luck
you answer 
I will give you the location
it's to the left
call her and I will answer you 
he is very nice
There is no stupid like you
the exams are close
you are becoming rude to me
you are always angry these days
don't you see how worried I am
Always with him
"If you are sling, ask"
don't ask me ever again
I want to sell the shop
She bring my son with her
my circumstances is worse than yours
we found her outside
he is not her son
you know me well
I need to give the boy back to his mother
you want to see me come
shame on you
now he is your kid
I did not find you and came back
why are you lying
you feel nothing ?
I will never forget what you did
leave me alone
why the police
glasses are useless
I put it here
what do you want me to do
do I take it by force
talk to you later
I met a guy
give my phone
I will give birth now
I will come now
whenever you want let's go
I am afraid of being late
are you in a hurry
you don't like it ?
that's just a deposit
where is your man ?
you took the money with you
I wasted time
you won't see me again
your dad is difficult
parents are tough
you left me waiting
what's your name
you are saying nonesense
the wedding is close
what do we do now
did you tell anyone
easy peasy
try it and see
it's up to you 
the sick has nothing
order what you want
I'll take care of your mom
it's time
we'll start tomorrow
be positive
I decided
you like the land
I wanted to buy it
he was a good man
she feel sorry for him
what to tell him
I will leave him
there is no trace of her
they're strangers
I will show you 
I am like you
he won't come
he needs us
let's go swim
we will help you
I will call you if I need you
I did not find her
why are you coming
there is nowhere to go
I know no one
she will make a fuss
Full with problems
I didn't do anything to her
find another place
i have no one
do you want to make me problems
dont bother me
i will act like i didnt see you
Take anything you want
I want a special night
don't worry 
this is manhood
dont get angry
Go out what are you waiting for
they wont go easy on you
I won't telling you where is she
If she comes she will anoying me
they treat me as a fool
Go out 
I didn't know that's gonna happen
To be honest
Come to me right now
I was calling you to help me
you are easily bought
no problem
we will suffer
You're scared 
We should take her to hospital
you want me to suffer
why are you acting like that
Stay right there
Nothing gonna happen
You know how to talk with her
Someone to join me
I was liying to all
We're gonna contribute too
You should trying
It will be tomorrow
you need to get money
he said bad stuff
you dont seem like a cheat
i dont want any problems
you wont find problems with me
how much you pay for rent
we want him to heal
I have a condition
money is available
We should divide by two
you will handle outside
I don't know how to make it
you are my brother
develop your fathers skill
who buys this any longer
he matured
dont get too attached
looks are everything
They don't know what's inside
That's nice
we eat lunch by ourselves
you eat with us
i'm not along with him
She's one of us
Close the door please
the house is full
Hope I could see you
If I've free time I'll come
Your suitcase
who will take it
you'll see
We will go through a difficult process
bad habbit
whats the matter
why arent you dropping your bad habbits
You really made me laughing
What's your mission with us?
everytime he does something 
this is being silly
i will outrace you
he will take it today
country side people are nice
you dont wanna be ashamed
invite us for a party
we wont be heavry guests
let him be
I really wanna see you with that dress
why are you going crazy
he emptied the whole bottle
you did him good
i wont sleep
I was your fiancee
some people proposed me
Don't care about them
god save her
i want it me and you
i'm afraid
did you believe them
she enjoyed the company of her parents
i'm afraid the talk is real
You could live without her?
i dont wanna be like you
you started again
I'll wait for you at the station
i'm in  doiwnhill
nothing pleases you
will i do something impossible
It's impossible
you gave me a lesson
you act shy
this driving is bad
he has no lights
god save us
we are patients
I'm coming
She's on the taxi
be relaxed
I'm bringing your things with me
i wont go easy on him
he deserves it
i gave off all my clothes
You have out offil
listen carefully
you like to bully her
we will walk on feet
You didn't hear what she said
stop being silly
I forgot my bag on the taxi
The car still new
She just left
you will find them on route
we are waiting for our turn
why do you curse
Why you shut up?
Just right here please
perhabs you'll find her
Your man is older
people running their errands
are you bad with your parents
i will remain here
we need to clean floor
If you wanna go you can
we will report them
He's stupid
they made a company
he is in shitshow
checks are dangerous
That's the best part
look what's gonna happen
Where's my part?
It's hidden under the bed
I'm gonna bring it surely
i will lock it
It's obligatory to take a shower once per week
god forbids
i wont make you angry
why you're lying?
dont go to him
god save us
a client came to me
they dont care
Give me my bag
come i give it for free
We've a lot of vegetables
are you coming and going
to when you wil stay hidden
You make me laughing out loud
they come and go
you want me to stay alone
field agents have came
They're living there
Two months yet then I'll go
dont leave me or i go mad
you wont hear it from me
Do what you see me doing
he buys and sell
we dont rent anymore
do you know to 
he inhereted a land 
if you stay like this you wont eat lunch
she is with him in the garden
Why you didn't call me?
did you receive my goods
I'm working
he is hit in his head
She's on the hospital
Nothing's happen
why do you search on his clothes
Give me your phone number
Come to me tomorrow
i started the car
I'm begging you call me
i run slowly
my hair is falling
Why you're sad
Don't answer
i will do a show
I'm warning you
I lost my gold necklace
Seems it's difficult
you are not a man
the war will errupt
Take a sweet
I'll teaching boys
He give me a weeding ring
we wore rings
i dont know if to cry or to laugh
you are entirely beautiful
everyone go home
you are with them
She gives you tricks
stay with us
you exaggerated
I'll be special
it will complete
they gossiped
why did you lie to her
i dont steal
you are a competent man
what will happene
mind goodness
dont flex on me
buy me a sandwish
you reminded me of a movie
a man has come
on time
do another painting
what do you understand
take something to eat
the file is complete
we will apply
tomorrow i will be with you
why you stupid
do you bring me groceries
i will throw my clothes on the streets
he is muscly
not only life resting
dont throw your clothes
why you naive
today is a new day
god forbids
i buy from thrift shop
i do good deeds
i buy everything from abroad
they dont sell it anylonger
will you mind your business
you are fooling me
the stuff are at home
i will look and find
i will call you in a bit
we celebrated his birthday
he laughs with me
he invited us
help me quick
i wil ldie
he will come again
we will take you to prison
you will get blood pressure
this has never happened
you came and messed me up
you want to errupt my clients
i will bring him
he is her son
dont pur you feet here
take meds you will become good
what are you waiting for
gimme a photo
we need to do bits
im looking
you will leave your place
i'm making them
give me those too
i'm hanging photos
he lost his cat
let me enter 
you became rich
the city suits you
he carries weight
you will like it
i dont feel ashamed
this system is too slow
from where this comes
make todays date
gimme my cheque
wait a bit
i dont know what i have
this will eat
you saw me
ask someone
you didnt tell me
he will propose
they remember good
they will make fruits
god help us
you computer made noise
he came late
let me go with you
there is robbery
learn with people
i'm coming down
weird marchandide
why are you making
i want you to tell me everything
drink something with us
i dont know his punishment
where to find him
what do you do with it
do you believe this is your
he abused her
come closely
can you see well
if you want something i'm here for you
run from problems
what you give take 
i wont go easy on him
good bye
they catched them
all day he begs
you wont get fed up with watching
this is foolish
why did you bring a knife
i need to wait
there are thieves
this place is too popular
there are some thieves
you wont endure
if you cant go go there
he took my son
how dont you find me
you dont know me now
he is redundant
i do everything
dont believe him
dont go to dust
i'm talking to you
i left you the city
go get mad
he is mad
lying is Haram
how to say this
i stopped lying
i wont find a man like you
i accept you
dont tell emt his
lets go together
i wont leave you
why did you follow me 
if he isnt present i wont find you
first time you do something good in your life
stop this evilness
did something enter today
im counting on you
pray for luck
dont go empty handed
think about me
we are reaching
whya re we standing here
lets  go find a taxi
what do i do now
we came 
i came from school
i dont feel like coming back again
i think about you a lot
what did you do to me
i came back from the company
i will go take lunch
i'm going to my desk
we have nothing to do 
man's talk
last price
i will add one minute
i told you
go now
hurry up
do you carry people
i dont wanna go
thats what she did
ask god
give him what he wants
i dont wanna stare at you
weight your words carefully
whats this mess
go mind your business
you feel prideful
i will tell you what you dont like
from miorning you been fooling me
you dont know from to go
you dont know the route
go learn to drive
you yelled at me
she is married
why are you reckless
i do what i want
this is for us both
you wannt to marry
all you want is marriage
its been a while we didnt go outside
stop saying nonesense
at the end there is nothing serious
he is an exceptional doctor
be good to him
good stuff
no one is at fault
dont be shy at us
i will throw something at you
why are you racist
rare case
we didnt want this
everyone has child in place
i dont wanan late you
we need nothing
you are following her liek a low life
dont speak about her like this
he is blameless
he is blameless
he is at fault
i did bad
dont insult me
take me where i came
i dont have mood for it
my wife is everything
dont you get arabic
what do you want
dont repeat words
drink it or leave it
you became angry
you exaggerated
you still have a long road ahead
stop this food
you talk more than my wife
we dont have time
he deosnt have wifi
let me warm your meal
hear from me
you believed yourself
i will tell you important task
me and her wants children
god didnt give us
you are more than me
i cant live with someone else
me too i dont know
are you sure this is what he wants
dont break my mind
what does he do here
i'm the director
what did we say today
i still didnt stood
come her daughter
we changed his clothes
didnt you suffer while coming
we will fly happily
lets call you
good 3rada
this place is mine
i will be good with you
put your belt
you started jealousy
you play like me
she didnt wanna learn
whats that
everytday errands
i'm waiting when to finish my job
is there a way for the car 
i'm tired  in travel
can you take me to the market
how much time to the aeroport
do you need advance
do we live in bridia
can we buy something to eat
can you write my adress
i will go tomorrow
i found those photos
i saw the photos you told me
i need to wash the clothes
i'm looking for agency
this place is good
do you like football
i wanna rent a house
where is food
how are you 
i have dust allergy
hey madam you need something
do you have some clothes
i only have these two bags
put them in the safe
is this the first time you come to morocco
i came many times
i come for job
crowdt place
there is an accident
stop at the place
i need a mitro
this market is nice
they have nothing here
they have everything
this is the place where i shop
there is veggs
i have never saw something 
he fixed it
i need to find everything
do you need where to go
i need a bit of fruits
who buys fresh veggies
i buy from this fella
they are left
how much is tomato
can you give me to buy
good prices here
i will come here again
this is why we came here
i came here
look home much there
select what you want
lets go together
we need to take it
do you speak darija
i'm looking for aeroport
can you show me 
do you know police station
where is the road
where do you wanna go
what food do you like
what do you do today
i work now
i need a bottle of watter
im not home
too expensive
i will tell you two words
give me two minutes
thanks mom
how are you with school
i havent seen him
you look happy today
what you say isnt logical
you are wrong
dont look at the book
open the book
come to board
who is absent
i dont know
i need to ask one question
an you clarify please
can you open the classroom
i will be absent next week
i worked in two groups
dont know what to do
ask your neighbor
you have nothing to do
dont yell
talk slowly
dont eat fat
eat well
you made a mess
clean your rooml
hurry up
get down from the tree
dont fall
look where is your foot
she will wet her place
take your embrella
dont run
walk slowly
you still have time
i didnt finish talking
clean your hands
are you deaf
are you mad
dont speak like this
its getting late
are you mad
have you finished your education
you are making a nexcuse
i have no dime
im getting angry
i started from buttom
i feel comfy
i save money
i'm comi ng
not easy
not clear
i feel suffocated
i wanna sleep
have you passed good Sunday
dont get late
what book do you read
i dont buy too many books
i go to library when to read
she is extraverted
she has big eyes
she wears green dress
i'm lookinf gor you
silence please
can you calm down please
i'm on a vacation
its time to go
i have a pause on Saturday
least expected thing
stay in line
do you have something to reprot
do you have the adress
how much to send
how much time to attend
how much you work as a taxi
whats this place called
why you ask
dont rush
i'm going on elevator
i'm going on stairs
wake me up early
when do you wanna wake
i want some covers
what you cooking
whtas price
this is too expensive
reduce 
reduce perice
do you have women dress
do you have jellaba
do you have takchita
i need to sew a takchita
i dont have measuremebnts
do you have men clothes
where are the cups
i wanna buy a gift
im afraid to break it
how are you 
where are you
i wanan go to hospital
what hurts you
lungs
i jhave the flu
take a syrop
god save you
where is the pharmacie
i wanna buy meds
stay out of it
i did good
they laughed 
take it all
add water
all i want is peace
he is too far
how the climlate
can i sit with you
its possible
welcome
we stayed up night
we didnt sleep
the neighbor was noisy
they found a dead person
who killed him
they didnt find the criminal yet
my last name is 
i have moroccan nationality
i'm from morocco
my birth date is
i study in hight school
i study in uni
i'm a salarymen
i work remotely
i look for job
i have two sis
i like to go out with my friends
i like to travel
do you have a guide
it has all the places
i want all the traveler  need
i need a near library
do you have arabic books
do you have arabic books
whats the type
do you have a map
i need stories for childreb
gimme a blue pen
gimme a white paper
gimme a color box
gimme a ruler
i need an arabic news paper
is this news paper of yesterday
i need an arabic magazine
how much is this book
what did you prepare for diner
can i help you
can i put the plate on the table
dinner is ready
be weary of hot sauce
can you gimme salt
this is delicious
take this too
thanks i cant
i'm full
thank god
i will clean plates
i will take them
welcome how can i help
what do you need
what color
there is blue
wanan try it
whats your measurement
change here
does it fit
this one is good
i will take it
do you need something else
this is what i need
why dont we agree
lets think of something else
if you available help
i hope you succeed
i will get ou
you are calm
what do you think
this is normal
this is a solution
what you say is fair
this is what i think
you need to understand
be reasonable
think well
do you agree
say the truth
have you decided
whats you final decision
whe nwill we meet again
take care
sit
have you decided yet
you understand nothing
whats the time now
he went and never back
i start getting suspecious
he husband is a scammer
where is this place
last thing will do
have you poured oil
we will try to solve the problem
this is bitter
add a bit of salt
after i will continue
i will make it in this form
we will remain the two in life
you like mistakes
she isnt your friend
tell her to tell you
tell her the truth
you know nothing
you brought all of this
this is another story
i didnt have a clue
i dont know the selling price
come back again
dont be late
i wanna take a sandwich
she is a tourist
she isnt from here
she have just arrived
take care of her
you makes us angry
this mess is easy
i work here
this is surprise time
the artist is beloved
continue this
join us
your voice is nice
i like this song
he is silly
i dont like him
i dont like his talk
this is a true gift
this challenge isnt easy
try to do something new
we had a harsh conditions
everyone compassionate with them
their door is always open
i wanna take like you
this is a good deal
they want you more than ever
i wont get hat you did
i call no one answers
do you know that 
do you know now
you hid it
you sent them all
the line is occupied
this is what i hoped for
you came with us
dont bother
we came
i knew 
you know what heppened
they live same house
you know their relation is strong
i cant stand it
these problems are enough
call your girl
shut up
i dont like this music
you have nothing to do
i will go nowhere
i'm just waiting
he soesnt have taste
answer us
this is luck
i have no effort
i wanna a glass of water
this is complicated
she is my step sis
god forbid
we have a solution in hands
we can do nothing
she wear nice
this city is enormous
we will pass nice time
you know what you did
do you plan on something
i need to go
thanks son
she followed us
tell me 
just take care of her
tomorrow she will be okay
you took meds this morning
he moves a lot
this is the first time he will move
nice is your move
i'm too happy
she will not let them rest
good food
i will do even more
i wil lcome back
you like this place
i saw them alreasy
i didnt know this
what happened to her
i know your merit
you know now
do you think you will do 
thank god
go out
you will not add a minute
not much rest
it needs to finish now
she took her photo
she doesnt like me
i was walking
she called you
she saluted you
why are you wearing like this
he is the driver
he is my cousin
you can go now
what is all this money
you are stupid
how to look and remain silent
we have no news of him
you are the reason
she is behind all of this
if you know something call me
i dont know him
what is this talk
i cant do what you say
are you okay 
gimme a hand
he will lose everything
my legs get bloated
they are up
this is not funny
you are courtageous
she is mad at me
let me think a bit
let me think of it
ne need to be angry
we dont control ourselves
i will try
this is not repeating
i will do nothing bad
i dont know why they think
whats your age now
you still young
you look old 
how many people do like this
we didnt do it
we dont make it
its nice
they ended today
i did it quicky
please remind me
who is this expert
stop this game
i want you in the kitchen
stop playing
i will take revenge
my mom is coming
i will tell them honestly
will we be afraid
how much you sit at us
i have a solution
if my brain help
i see nothing
he looks nothing
stop saving money
help your eyes
help your eyes
dont be greedy
i saw nothing
i want to live
this place is noisy
its dangerous
you understand wrongly
he wil sit her
where is the man
he want me to empty the house
its not enough
why you complain
i will let them stay
i told you
whatever may happen
they are bad
you made me forget
gimme time please
you wanna do it like this
god help you
no one could get
they didnt come yet
they are not prideful
you scaared me
what do you say
you became leaner
dont mind peoples talk
food got stuck
last time i ask you for a service
consider it like this
no one could win
god help you
god save me
its money
god help anyone
i didnt say harm
when do you wanna sleep
when did he die
are you empty
everyone is ashamed
he is a champion
he abused them
i like checkers
we will mee
we will close door
i will wake him
we shouldnt make noise
they are absent
i will cause many problems
we wait the apporpriat time
i will take you with me to work
is she a sibling
you are funy
she is step family
a pilot has proposed to me and i declined
every day in a place
i need someone stable
i dont have ID
god save you
i'm just kidding
let us help you
where did you get this 
where are you 
dont forget about me
we will get together
you are addicted
why are you ill will
yiou will stay out
you are seeing
they are full of dust
if you wanna money work hard
i will ot find him here
dont you end these questions
he works well
he goes to his work
i have homework
you here
eat these candies
ig you see you say good
the client did it
years he has been there
eveytone make money
its suspecious
he is in good mood
let your hand
you make it good
rest assured
dont leave the mess here
we go and come
leave me alone a bit
you go very much
you have nothing to lost
take your car
my store is big
god bring better
you make me angry
this is madness
we will make the problem
i will take a delivery
i need a bucket of flower
go on
she smells it
this make me confused
this project wont be well
everyone is responsible for something
join me
when do i carry
they closed the door
why are you curious
what were they saying
its a plan
there is to do
we grew up
i was stupid
i didnt know it has flowers
we need to increase the goods
you need help
i dont have how to help
i'm praising him
they will spoil the party
you new in this house
you say orders and i execute
i will carry weight with yoy
enchantй
how much you need
when to find this
lucky you with her
i dont like this humor
this is abuse
he plaining with you
god will help you
loyalty is important
we will not disappoint
do a big project
god will give more
you think well
you always opress me
you came early today
look what i did
tomorrow we will count
sleep well
i will leave you now
dont think much
we need your prayers
i'm doing more than i can
tell him about me
elevate the mood
just you go
its empty ears
crazy men
he is a swimmer
evening we will hit the rods
its wll pe
look upfront
are they accusing me
dont mind me
forgive me please
are you far
lets go to the port
what happened has happened
i have no will
Halal money dont go to 
you didnt leave anything else to say
she doesnt know
i'm talking about myself
talk at you ease
do the same looks
everything got erased
arent we gonna be like people
i agreed with him
i dont know his name
why you complain
go clean your house
you need to gather
help young boys
look at me
find an excuse
what are they doing
are they fighting off
add me to them
you confused us
what are you doing now
we want you to be together
where is this taking us
thats weurd
i lost 2 days vacation
we are taking the beach road
they are at each other
we will find no better
i should do like last years
lets not bring his name
you find it appealing
i like to drive
i make everything bio
he started now
my stomach hurt
my feets are numb
we came early
dont look me this way
i stay remembering
this is not the same
who said you will split
i'm waiting for him
there is who empties his head
we came to divorce
he finds everything expensive
what are you doin with him
one day i will vanish
nothing make me happy
we came first
empty place
hurry up
we walked a lot
do you know where you go
you dont listen
he makes me stuck
let me talk to you
go find a job
smaller than you works
you are a drunkerd
i know what i will do
why is she busting
he went from here
go follow him
come you
i dont wanna see you heere
did i tell you to go out
take what you have
i have nothubng to bring
i will not invite you
do you make coffee
today we will conclude
you say what i told you
have you eaten your sandwish
try another thing
we wanna say something
we dont wanna hide
you need to choose
find a solution 
focus with me
i'm happy to meet you
i'm not focusing well
you are one of us
have you gone mad
he needs us
he doesnt have kids
we have a lack
you know this
you did all it takes
we have a lack of love
i dont think properlt
let me express
what you said is nice
you are good
we are happy for you
i have some news
talking not on phone
let me go
i'm good with parents
i will erase everthing
dont let me alone
i tried to convince them
i left them at their conveniance
why dont you eat
dont you like my meals
your face is dumb
i'm one of them
you listened well
what hurts you hurts us
i wanna see my friends
you can go whenever you want
those are your friends
you did good deeds
dont congratulate us
evening be ready
dont stay over  at them
i will miss you
take me to taxis
where did he went
where are you mind
leave there
we wandered all over the city
i wont go home
lets go on the streets like crazies
i cant do it
i need to know
lets go rest
do you wanna stay
i will be late
take me with you
be weary of the sun
kids are a nice thing
do you have another one
he doesnt like me
they are dead silent
you are slow witted
he lived here
he didnt need nothing
he vanished
he is there
i told you its for your good
reimburse me
do you think this is chaos
this is a crime
we will be on good terms
he didnt leave you
take money
i dont talk much
you will need bothibg
i have better than those
help me find him
i need to make money
where have you left
always in this place
always making me angry
how did you find me
you live nicely
you have a news
life was darkening
tell us your story
my daughter had died
sleep is what remains
i go beg
he gambles
is there people like this
i wait for death
i did all this
i cant in your place
why have you fled
he wont scare us
we will be together
he wont leave you alone
we are with you forever 
this is no job
someone talked about you
he married in discrition
marriage is stable
do you have wifi
my phone turned off music
who are you
this wedding will not end
it has ended
they fooled us
add this too
it causes heart burn
i was about getting lost
preach talk
i always have it
he wont split with her
he will come again
i will take you to good places
my eyes dont see
he saw me
he was at the bank
i was hurrying
ive never ate it
what brougtht you
i want my stuff
this month is long
i want my money
pay is at time
they will increase gazoil
we will sell plants
they talk a lot
he works at night
go to the other side
he doesnt get tire of the phone
every day she paints her nails
the future is just a rumour
why is this hypocrite laugh
they work they change
i did all my errands
i have too many friends
you wont find a problem with me
i dont have work
i left my work
i work diligently
put it in your pockets
tomorrow he has a meeting
no one knows
i will do good
he did suffered
i remained the same
he will promote
god help us
dont tire yourself
you just remained
they will shock you tomorrow
i will show you
i have neever eaten it
you made me angry
go to your mom spoil
if you find it entirely
dont remind you
you saw it all
laugh now
i called you
you are a tyrant
i thought i did what i wanted
i zoomed in
this photo should be kept at me
he is looking for what to eat
 i told him to bring him food
this place has no wifi
i'm still in the bank
you are the old
sorry i took your ear
i dont hear nothing
can he explain
stay working
what you did in eid
he wants a mercedes
tomorrow like this time
its far from the high school
she is too far
she has one eye
she has never eated
she works with solar energy
i understand now
if i watc hthe video
its on trending
he goes to another countries
hard entering countries
this is when we study
we are few
he never slapped her
she never complained
they feel arrogant by summer
its liek sea belongs to them
you cant even say salam
eat quick
eat snow at night
it will melt
you wont feel thirst
we are an arrogant people
how did she accept you
she has education
how did yshe accept you
isnt he human
what does he lack
is he mad
marriage is for serious 
they are not doing so well
we want goodness to people
like you want goodness to yourself
god help them
stop being envious
god help you
go convince him
let him confused
its not important to be pretty
when you look for job
what did you want as a change
the cafe isnt working
the pic your kid gonna see
who is these people
please wake us
this is too much
there are too many mistakes
not familiar
when i see the mirror
still not eaten
to forget
she is not easy
please sorry for this
i tell you the news
my old sis went to uni
high school is too far
i started studying
everything was normal
my mom made dinner
we heard yelling
i closed the door
i entered and didnt find
i went to my house
i'm not comfy in this house
i will buy you a villa
go live there
my brotehrs laughed
i hear  crying
i opened door
i reached a place
the yelling was extreme
i was scared
i was too scared
i scalmed her
we cleaned her face
she had nothing
i asked her 
she told me what happened
in the morning they went
i still think about this
my head hurt
if only i was dreaming
i want to yell but couldnt
i lost voice
 i couldnt move
only you can help me
she went 
god help you
i didnt even sleep
i went to watch
i was confused
i dont like living here
dont hide stuff
i told her everything
i didnt tell them
i know they wouldnt believe
i dont feel comfy
i hear screams
maybe you are dreaming
we took breakfast outside
we want you to wake up and go with us
we found you sleeping
we didnt want to bother
i was watching them
i saw the table
i will leave you now
i went back
what did you wanna say
whats with the house
i saw the window
i saw a shadow
i went fast
my mom was making lunch
i went in a run
we saw her screaming
all the house
do you know people
is this time of laugh
i talk to you seriously
we live in empty place
i tried to laugh
im just kidding
i went to my room
closed it
m going crazy
whats happening
i hear screaming
maybe my sis came
we went we find room epty
i saw a kid wearing white
told me to hug her
you are everything
i was shocked
i closed the door
went to my room
closed my eyes and slept
my mom woke me up
i was afraid
i was afraid today
eveythin went normal
i went outside
i sawa a girl
same age as me
told me you new here
she wants to say something
the new brands are good
i went to pastry
i went to pastry
ive been thiking all day
i was laughing out loud
she has no brain
I found her with them
they are eating
i took food and did ir
i heard knocking on the door
first time i pay attention
i went to the pastry
i went home found my mom
my aunt guested us
i looked with a half eye
she made diner
my sis is looking at me
i was looking down
we ate food
when they came 
we met at the aeroport
not everyone is lucky
i saluted him
i came to tell you a story
they told me she is her daughter
they went to make some paper
i found my neighbor cadavar
i saw her standing
my blood is frozen
i poured water over it
i searched and didnt find it
i got rid of her
i took my bag and went to my father
i found him talking with guardian
he doesnt get it
i was luckiest person in morocco
these days were suffering
i didnt sleep well
what have you learned
i waiting to reach home
 i went on the bus
i went to station
called my father
we didnt find the graveyard
we tried to look for ir
no one knows it
we found number
we called her
my father stared at me
he wanted to know me
i need to split water
we looked for big sis
we find a similar girl
they bought me a jabador
i wore it and went
i saw a window and looked
its been  a while i didnt go out
i saw my neighbor
staring from afar
i felt my stomach
i went on a run
i found the guy standing
they told me to drink water
the water in the cup
i felt a choke
like im not with them
i remained like that for half an hour
i was getting up
they were in on spot
when they saw me
she gave me abottle
he stared at me
my father told me 
he can do nothing
they left me alone
looking from there
i never saw them
i found peace
i was weak for half hour
when i woke up 
my mother winged me
to say nothing
she told me to go out
do i know the reason
with horror i saw one solution
i told her
i couldnt tell her
she heard the story
to come to home
she told me again that stuff
my dad didnt believe me as usual
buy my mom is present this time
this time he believed
this time he believed
he started asking
i traveled with mom and dad
5 hours of travel
my head hurted like crazy
we waited for one hour
we started looking
we found a line
i didnt sleep that night
morning i took a motobike
we looked for that man
we saw people standing
our turn arrived
she looked at me 5 minutes
told me to push the button
and she stand
she brought a hayati
she moved her head
she told me she could do nothing
its more than my capacity
i told her to explain
she put it on my head
she told me and i rememberd
i told her everything
the girl started laughing
she yelled at her and put her outside
i became yellow
like a lime
i'm stuck this time
i regret this day
i went with her
she told me its destined
i arrived at home
thinking but they didnt believe
they started laughing again
i saw the tv and the image cut
she watched the tv
weird sight
she yelled and went outside
left me alone
i have more effort
my mom brought her friends
they came home
i tought its normal
i was wrong
i went where i slept
i watched a movie
i was watching movie
my chest started moving
i thought its a quake
i went toutside
my dad told what whats happening
told him the bed were moving
like a quake
they laughed at me again
entered the house again
like i'm not alone
like someone is looking at me
weird feeling
the door is weird
i close it and it opens
maybe its broken
i got confused
like its a prank
i look in neighbor i find nothing
my parents were eating
last thing they think about is me
i was not thinking properly
they told me its air flow
will the air flow follow me to school
i asked a guy like me
a girl heard it
she was coming from sports
the lights were off
the door didnt wanna work
the door handle was hot
i was yelling and screaming
i tought i got burned
my dad broke the door
the light were on again
i told them the light were on
they told me i acted too much
but it was real
i didnt sleep that night
all night opening my eyes
waiting for morning
to udnerstand whats happening
this was life changing experience
she told me high
i was hanging clothes
she asked me
i was playing with dog
she told me thats good
i went to home
i waited a bit and received a message
my problem is i dont believe
i knew him
he studied with me
you look in them
i'm alone
from house to work
i'm introverted
i'm better left alone
this is a responsability
we assigned him to choose
i hope you are decent enough
she does what she wants
i will play with you
dont stay in cold
he laughed at me
i went from work
who will spend money
praise god
you dont nothing
you are suffering
fill out these papers
you are too jinxed
why did you went to them
its good they didint let you go
why did you joing them
she isnt studying
why the oppression
he wont accept you
who did this to you
does he like himself
i saw you resting
why dont you look at me
why do you ask him
i want him on personal matter
i saw you busy
sit dont be shy
you were absent these two days
there is noo need to upset
why do you want it
i will enter you to us
we are not handling this
we are late now
be afraid of your master
whats this mess
leave this place alone
this is my mistake
do i do everything
who brought you here
i didnt know you before
stay put
i will take you to a man
i will do whats necessary
its been too long now
a train hit me
she selected it
call him
i'm nor from this place
i wanna sk you
they never choosed me
i will appeal to you
be quick with hom
come quick
just finish
you wont get another opportunity
you did whats necessary
i will hemp you
what do you wanna do
this is a needle
you will find him there
i forigive you
i dont know you
i have experience
im important
you know her will
i will bring you his news 
i got fooled
not too lighted
the photo isnt clear
do i lend you
the quality is poor
its not a big deal
it doesnt deserve all of this
why do you laugh
just me
is this everytime
not just me alone
we stay like this
i do nothing
do you see me well
i didnt dine
came again to us
nice like you
you lie too much
you gave her nothing
dont rush 
why are you late
i forgot my phone
you always say it
you are unlucky
i quit smoking
god help me
i want somthing new
the road is jammed
highest quality
at your ease
be optimistic
his capital
do you know him
sing us a song
i know how to sing
leave singing to its people
i will pay my tax
my face is dark like sun
you are the best woman
have i ever lied
do you remember first time i saw you
you brought roses
mind yourself
i have no mood
its apparent
how much
how much you need
i need a bit
how can i help
you can confine me
i wont disappoint
go ask if you dont believe
i cant say anything now
i figured it out
i know your worth
i remember everything
i guarantee
who will guarantee
he wants my money
who will dig
life has taught us
to be serious
you became a partner
put milk in the soup
eat those dates
this is tasty
gold help
our project is successful
if you wanan ask something be serious
you put it there
i will go to bath
he is a scammer
they pay for her
i will do you good
everything is prepared
i completed
she is a brownie
she talks a lot
she was about to take m money
she meets catastrpohes
i had luck
couldnt see nothing
i will stop
this is my limit
whats hard you did it
i will call you for sure
come to my cafe
i have a thing to do
bring money to pay
do i take them or not
gimme your number
let me be sure
you are electricity agent
god help you
i will strike you
does someone live here
think with me
look for someone
i look for it
call you daughter
i dont know this name
i will cut these papers
where is the receipt
i received money abroad
are they open or not
can you run my errands
they didnt teach us
if only you taught me before
i cant help you now
you have no problems
whats this language
we laughed with you
whats this level
no one can expect you
who are you to say this
whats this 
who are you to yell at me
you have no right to act this way
god save you
i didnt find a husband
go look at your ease
do we play here
i want to ask you about a person
whats the matter with you
why does your bones hurt
you dont mind it
its been two months i returned from prison
why do you stand with a stranger
he is a stupid
dont bring it 
i will explain to you
she always speaks to me
i have never answered it
who is she
listen to me
he loves her
best thing
he comes in time
is this true
i cant come early
my boss didnt let me come
they  busted him with a drug dealer
we dont have funds
do what you want
i will go in this road
i will joi nyou 
this is my house
there are tenants
they dont live here
they went times ago
she studies abroad
why is she running
thank god for what you have
tomorrow will be better
come to wake you up
its still time
are you fighting with everyone
i dont have numbers
i'm available
i want you for one monutes
i was planning to return
i do effort without resukts
i need to fidn the problem
i was looking down
i learned many things
i want to be a positive person
i came with another perspective
i dont know what i'm telling you this
i'm ready to be held responsible
i wont cry this much
most disciplined person
i asked him
they are good
you will rest mre
do i said something funny
this is my problem
i saw life dark
i see all people bad
i'm too scared
they are scared of me
i was wrong
i learned a lot
i decided to change
sorry i wasted you effort
where i'am i going
this shouldnt have happened
i did it to myself
i dont know why this happened
how we started
i was alright
living peacefully
everythign wandering
i will forgive you this time
can you ask on my behalf
everyone look at me
you made it
you are toxic
you are cheap
what did i do
i go morning and evening
i dont like to work
he want to build his future
at least do something
they wasted they money
whats her problem
whats her problem
what did she wants
work harder
he has ambition
dont overcomplicate
i dont know how
we need a bit of time
i'm looking on her
many people passed
just looking from afar
i dont know anything
i see him i laugh
he is dumb
you come late
i like work climate
always come late
we got along
i see her everytime
i forsake eveyrthing
you are a nerd
i like it
what are you thinking
i showed her photos
i like it when you get angry
this is destined
what do i say 
dont be scared
do you remember when we met
i came her to complain
i came to propose
where did you get this
i came asking
she is my crown
i will give you goodness
pray for them
we will not negotiate
money doesnt matter
money is bullshit
he should care for me 
she didnt say
where will you make her live
a bit a bit
she lived in high position
leave them at home
i live live with them
dont waste my time
lets go at once
they went home
you orders are my command
lets shake hands
lets help each others
we say jokes
no one will struggle us
we bought a car
she wanna see me relaxed
i got rid of problems
i didnt plan on it
try me dont be afraid
i'm patient with you
we are too late
they do what you want
she came to you
no one finds it easy
we are poor
she is reasonable
i will seek help
we know their worth
you are shocked
i woke up late
dont speak to me like this
everyone and its effort
i need something available
dont you wanna understand
seek a job
i'm relaxed
we are not relaxed
you wont stay with us
you reeks
its explicit
mind your business
stay put
everyone gave me its back
we are both alike
we live peacefully
dont do what they say
she is toxic
come like it is
we will start from begining
no one knew
she is a woman and a half
my day is repeating
i'm unlucky
i try to fill my time
he doesnt mind me
he is too slow
i'm comfy like this
what do you wanna drink
i still wanna live
why is this all
you are malicious
you started cursing me
only god knows
come and feel me
i shake all the way
stay clear of kitchen
i will choke you
whats the news
they are getting suffered
god help women
they love you
when will you give birth
will you follow me
this is genetic
he want divorce
its uneatable
i polie with you
see what you need
god brought you
i wanna make tajine
you are welcome
you need many other things
she speaks a lot
she told me everything
syndicate doesnt like her
everyone wants to get rid of her
she is making me tired
i wana make a tajine
he took a vacation leave
youi were snorting
you are snorting
all people look for money
you have like day like night
you made my heart
i was feeling this
i was expecting this day
you are not my style
i saw nothing from you
i woke up angry
have a good day
have a good day
i said it implicitely
when did this happen
let me go
i will invite you to a pastry
this is not the job i wanted
you need to search
one should be patient
this is the first day
from day 1 i'm with you
wait for me i'm coming
work required regorisity
a skill could be of help
you will make nothing of it
this is what we said
what is this foolishness
this is the best thing you did
its pricy
its either me or you
i wont settle 
dont mind
they dont care for us
they speak flashy
her eye brows are tied
she loves him
they live with weird people
why are you storming
she is harming me
god give you good
its just now  he went
he was on fire
why all of this
whats your problem
he is a mqadem
what have you done
everything went good
i will thank him
they are asleep now
i will be courtagious
he is not with us
dojnt lie my son
god give us Halal
god help us
i dont get you
i will find it myself
find a girl for marriage
you think you can marry easily
listen to me
you need to make kids
he thinks me stupid
i didnt finish my talk
he doesnt listen
there is nothing further to say
all people love me
see what suits you
god bring you fortune
leave him be
take care of your son
i dona have a diploma
she is truth
he did a nice wedding
they give him house
he cintrols everything
i  super excited
you will make gut sick
i know it ask me
i go to her everytime
i will come from the phone
listen closely
i couldnt give more
this is what you do
god bring fortune
i brought you what you like
we will die togerehr
they will give me money
i will explain slowly
i will have clients
i will meet them in cafe
everytime in different place
are these seats empty 
lets take a photo
i will take you other place
where were you eyes first day
you saw her
my wife left me
she wont live with me
the day went good
im happy and scared in the same time
let us have diner 
i will mee people
u like handsome
we will gamble
we want you to be patient
we should reach our objectives
i think everything is clear
please show me whats clear
i wanna come back to my city
i will take breakfast in my job
give us 
he went
i'm coming to you
he is harrasing me
we went to old school
this is loking handsome
the city is big
it has french goods
all day in the city
lets see what happened
you see everything clearly
just wait a bit
welcome to our new house
you look busy
you are coming late
they tie you
i have too much work
just wait a bit
he lies to me
he kisses his parents
he beg to me
you need to surprise yourself
we still late
we still late
alone i cant do anything
i still didnt finish my speech
you see the story
the protagonist is bossy
they marry at the end
with time you forget the story
i decided to write a story mixed 
one day i sat at the window
she has big eyes
i study at uni
i have ambition
i wanna helpt my poor famiky
we are poor but thankful
i have two sisters
let me present myself
i'm the talest girl
i go to gym
they give me space
they dont harass me
if you look at me 
i sit in window
if you look for me you find me in my window
i packed my stuff
tomorrow we will srudy
my city has nothing
but its vibrant
i think how the year will pass
he has one way
he is bossy
he is carismatic
she looks simple and nice
consider me like you father
i feel like a rushed in question
you cant meet someone you just knew
she stayed silent a bit
i took my eye
i told her whats the matter
did i tell you somethinf weird
i just wanna know your story
i feel you
i dont want you to suffer
she stayed silent and then
you make me remember my father
she looks poor
she wants to fool me
she speaks seriously
those tears are true
i was thinking
she went to sleep crying
she remembered her father
i barely slept
i found the room messy
i took my clothes and went
i only want to rest
i took a taxi and went faar
i found my mom makinf breakfast
she told me to eat
there is nothing i just didnt sleep
i went to rest in my room
i started thiking again*
i slept again
i washed my face
i heard my dad calling
i asked him
i told him at my friend's
he told me why i slept all day
i told him we stayed up yesterday
they brought new films that we watched
mu father silenced
i went but he was suspecious
i said we could meet
he wanted to explain
i called him found him asleep
we agreed to meet in a ace
i wore my clothes
i demanded a juice
he saluted me and sat
i was just woke up
whats the matter friend
dont say you like the job
i want to ask you honestly
tell me where did you know her
that girl
i met her two months now
why are you asking
she is weird
doesnt she appear nice and shy
she deosnt speak much
it repeated in my brain
i tought in his talk
i didnt bother
better to forget the topuc
i didnt know what to do
 i dont know what i say that
i dont like you
if yo uwanna do something tell me
we spoke and laughed and talked aout the project
i tried not to think a lot
we separated and i went to house
i met a collegue on my way
i told him we will come back tomorrow
i forgot him
i forget two days ago
hope we have a good time
i went straight to my room
thinking until i made my decision
i said its impossible
i heard the keys
het sound is reduced
doesnt speak slow
she is shy
she doesnt like this type
i was confused at time
if only i hit her
this is not right
if only i didnt rush
we spoke about studying and vacation
we ask each other
she is afraid of her father
she tells me to help her
to wake her up
she doesnt wanna talk
whats the  matter with her
she is depressed
is she always like that
i dont understand
my eyes are closing
i said why not talking
i wanna know the secret
my head is spinning as i think
then i talked
wanna talk a bit 
i talked and kiss his hand
he didnt talk to me
he is always like that
he said okay
my dad is always like this
he is the silent type
he doesnt spealk much
he is strict
he deosnt like silly business
he talks seriously
that my dad
i respect him a lot
i always do what he says
he doesnt interfere with me
he sees me a child
we dad entered we silenced
we dont talk anymore
my dad isnt the conversational type
he doesnt say a word
only if you are an old friend
my mom made a tajine
why are you quiet
thanks auntie
she wants good
she deosnt like problems
do you want tea ?
mom i'm going out
we went to an empty place
an empty street
told him where are we heading
we descendended
he took his keys
do you have a house here
he never spoke about it
i told him is this yours
you never told me
no its not mine
i was eating
i was always thiking
i know them times ago
they study in uni
i didnt get convinced
i tought of many things
i called mom
dont forget me for dinner
you wont get the money
you cant take them
i was writing a story
if you read it you would have liked it
if cold you dance
i will cook something
i felt resting
are you going to do like this
sorry for what i said
i said that because i was angry
nothing happened
go back to your job
i miss this sight
god keep us
help yourself
isnt this enough
let me tell you something
she is angry at you
we were outside
we went to borrow takchita
he found a girl
they matched
they married
she saw an accident
people are crowdy
a bad accident
a truck did an accident
too many steel
 truck hit a passenger
lets see her
 i dont like that
this face is familiar
this face is familiar
my heart pounding
let me see
i saw her before
she looks familiar
whats there madam
look mom
explain to me mom
she wrote for me
he went crazy
she looks in shock
there you go your bride
please a glass of water
quarter hour passed
saw everyone at me
a man is a devil
he complains all the way
he started yelling
you dont like me
you dont want me good
why you did this
you are yelling
dont talk to mom like this
let him talk
you dont matter
i gave her a  slap
she was starring at her brother
he couldnt say that
he doesnt know what happened
he scammed me
she threw it at him
my auntie did us good
she adopted us
we were shocked
this is what i do
i do the impossible to forgive him
i got hurt
he kept asking me
i dont have mood
you are not ashamed
go outside
give me just time to explain
arent you ashamed
she is sick
i was greedy
i have never forgotten you
you did a mistake
now go on your way
she came to help us
she grew with us
we prepared for wedding
we came and went
we bought everything
are you feeling ashamed
let him be
something isnt right
everything will go well
the day arrived
they are rich
this place came
we hit the road
she is sick 
dont take her with us
thank you
dont think to much
we found the hosts
they invited us to the living toom
she was thankful
my son was good with them
the salon was nice
many details
this was the shock
your dad is late
take this meds
tell him to enter
enter to learn 
i was learning in a center
i was doing randa
i was making extra hours
i solved exercices
i was deligent
i saluted him
i want to travel
i have too many errand
i need to buy a car
mom i wanna eat
i wanna pray
i wanna play with girl
where is my sandal
i making bread
i anan drink tea
come eat
what do you do now
what do you think 
you look good
i like it
i wanna marry you
would you accept
not now
come take meds
its like paint
put in in the fridge
whats time now
the school is near
i will go with my friends
put on your clothes 
have you bought lunch
are you okay
take care
where is my charger
i will make fotor
turn off the music
did you pray
my mom in the kitchen
she is making lunch
go to your mom
hey how are you
i ate bread and drank milk
i will go to seamstress
i will buy a phone
i will go to souk
i bought cold clothes
i will go travel
my pc is working
i bought a charger
i fixed my teeth
i went to dentist
today i washed my teeth
i will go to my auntie
my cousin will marry
i play with you children
the connextion is too slow
my pc is broken
my gf will come
my grandma should go to doc
today i'm too tired
i also wanna buy phone
the tv is working
i will take you outside
what do you wanna eat today ?
i wanan eat tacos
where are you goinf
i will go with mom
do you need something
the wifi is working
i will go buy clothes
my friend will coem to me
i ressemble like mom
my mom has three kids
send me money
just talk 
i wanna tell you something
answer your phone
has they answered you
i like to speak to whomever i like
go buy bread
is the pastry open
where  have you reacher
tell me something
what do you want me to say
wait i'm coming
he is in the toilet
give me more tea
i wanan tell yo usomething
pour too much water
close that door
lets go play
where are you hurry up
whats project is that
you are funny
you took whats yours ?
you found them closed
they close at 16h
tomorrow i will go
god help you daughter
there is an 
there is no school
is there contractor
the teacher hit a boy*
he will fill a report
the machine washes clothes
did you put the bread
what do you wanna eat ?
come eat lunch
do you want bread
did you put phone in charge
your phone is ringing
you are too late
i'm angry at you
i want makeup
i'm invited to wedding
i will dance a lot$
i put meat in bread
you dont wanna invite me
ive been waiting all day
i dont wanan answer i'm busy
if you busy tell me
dont say that talk
i already made my decision
i do what i want
my brother went outside
he will bring me a tacos
i want to eat
my maskara has
i need new makeup
do you eat lime
have you made diner
buy olive oil
did you wear a ring
did you open the book
did you put apples
i shwoed you old photos
thats me and your grandad
good morning 
is breakfast ready
my work is recorded this morning
did you put water 
my eyes hurt this morning
i made eggs
i put salt in food
i will sit to eat
i have knife
i washed utensils
i made atay with menth
dont put too much suggar
good morning dad
how are you son
i'm good 
you angry
i'm good
i will take breakfast with you
where is the tea
i didnt finish the table
i will bring what you need
leave him comfy
there you go your tea
dad it will go cold
did you go to sleep
are you okay
do you feel something
lets start girl
go back
see you next week
thanks madam
lets make a tarte
hurry up
i wanna taste
it has a bit of salt
add amore potato
dont cook eggs too much
it stays like that
god help you
let me taste the sauce
gimme a spoon
this is bitter
the client is asking
i'm busy now
just a minute
he wanna meet you
hurry up
work is condensed
we are working on it
where is you father
arent we gonne lunch together
we will eat home
wont we go to the restaurant
your dad is tired a bit
i dont wanan leave him alone
what does he have 
lets see her
your aunt will be with us
will her husband be
why are you asking
i hope if she were with us
we can do nothing
my mom has died
i'm your girl dad
from before
i'm waiting for you
hey girl
where is your brother
he is in the garden
do you want me to call theml
i will go to them
i will put on my clothes
as yo uwish daddy
i will go on
go ont girl
he needs to see the doc
he will tell us
death did him 
its been a week he is in home
he will come in a bit
he has nothing
thats what i said
maybe he is tired
he isnt normal
he is up by night and asleep by day
he stays alone
i'm messy$
stay with him
i will talk to him
we live far
thats why i work
rest my daughter
whats your turn
turn of the cooker
his situation is the same
he sdidnt find a job
he only wanders
he spend money
why are you patient
i love my husband
we wont speak in same topic
he should love you too
he will change
i grow up
i need to make babies
dont be late
what are you waiting for
what has the doc told you
the bed is comfy
the room is spacious
you dad is noisy
there is cold today
i want it to snow
i hope i travel
he is making me angry today
lets go together
too much rain now
my btoher went to house
your foot is big
whats you feet 
my friend came today
its been a while
the film will start 
i feel bored
the bed is broken
i will amke a dish today
have you bought sugar
tea is no more
what do you do now ?
i made my hair today
i crippied my hair
i'm preparing myself
i will go to wedding
i live far
you house is close to us
i'm going crazy
from before
i'm happy this day
i'm angry this day
we just talking
i need to finish quickly
too much remain
buy me your place
i dont know them
who are you
i love myself more than anything
its better i leave everything
god heal you
lucky if you go abroad
life is hard
god help us
life is expensive
god help you
football 
i finished studying
i forgot everything
did you get your visa
you will leave me
the drawer is broken
too many clothes
the room is clean
i made tea
i didnt found butter
i found oil
my grandma is calling
my dad has no money
my mom went to club
my brother studies well
tv is boring
the shop is closed
the asr is praying
too many utensils
drink tea dad
god morning love
write 
you do everything
tell it 
dont yell too much
everyone loves me
god help us
i wanna go to bath
i have too much work
i have ach
my period is appraoching
our neighbors are curious
he husband has enormous ears
i have love fever
my teeth are alighned
my tooth ach
my shoe is of no use
i broke a glass this morning
my brother bought a cookie
i dont have a sister
i love gifts
i like to cook 
i want pizza
i want to go to snack
tomorrow we will study
the teacher is sick
i did my homework
i have exams
honestly this is boring
me and my friends are crazy
i have a weird pen
i want to write that topic
i will watch tv now
i will write a topic to my brother
i will write a message
i will buy many pens
i will write a short essay
that water is cool
this is too much
the tv lost its signal
today i want to cry
i feel choked
i need to find a solution
my mom phone is working
i will finish this movie
i dont know what i want
i dont know what to do
honestly its bad to get cheated on
god take reveange from you
i will find a solutiojn
what i live in is too much
i want to cry
he speaks to me whenever he want
there is no trust
if you dtupid trust people
no one will continue with you
its hard to find someone to love
last time he was with me
even m not helping myself
i feel like everyone is against me
i will watch the clothes
i lived love with you
we will pay everything
i will play sports
the days have showed us
the life is weird
we got broken and healed
the sea is not trusty
we used to love
how  to forget him
my heart is broken
why dont you play with us
my dad has fled
look for my husband
its been a while you didnt run
he was never comfy
what do i do here
he has big amount
no problem amdam
is ther ea problem
enter the car
enter the car
start the car
he went
why are you cryin madam
i have nothing
lets go home
take me to police station
as you want madam
dont cry madam
can i ask you madam
yes
this is a personal question
just speak
when you married your husband
is he rich
i want a beneficial question
is this gonna help you 
i want to be like you
he bought you a car
you are insane
this watch he bought
he bought my clothes
he bough my house
he boight what i needed
he bought me as well
this hisband is nice
are you crazy
my husband shiold do everuthing
cant i buy that for myself
you are wrong
did you came to me
he took all the accounts
who ?
my husband
what did i do to him
i dont know why he did it
you said it
nothing will happen
you go look for it
he has fled somewhere
he didnt steel
let me tell you something
go sit
think clearly
to know your next step
stop loking for him
if he has a signature
give me an info
tell me the whole story
ddont lie
you hid something
you husabnd hit you
who told you that
did my neighbor did
its not important who did
i asked you 
you hid the truth
i wil lwake up early
i will do sports
good luck
you played well
come here
there is stuff to talk about
you need to run well
alright madam
i learned all fo this
i learned from all
lets go
let me continue one message
i told you to come
hurry up
thats not what we do
we just started
im here to clarify
he waste his time 
its easy
you play with young
you lie to old
you can go tomorrow
look at me
this is the right way
you pass too much time
i speak to you
i didnt hear you
i answered my friend
you need to focus with us
dont pass all your time on your phone
you do it express
lets go home
which road are you taking
i know you well
i feel you
trust god
there will be good
god has a plan
i didnt see him like that
i dont know he hides
maybe you are scared
i have never hid something
i do go with you
are you afread he comes
or i tell him that you told me
i'm afraid of god
he closed himself
he can take this
he wont say in his mind
he knows only
dont think fat
i speak as a man
i dont speak of bad things
i dont see what you do
i dont know what he says
this is correct
i'm wasted this time
my brother plays the piano
my uncle bought a piano
he sent some bags
he didnt send good food
he didnt send ketchup
i slept a lot today
honestly i'm too tired
i wish i could sleep some more
i should wake up early
answer me please
the sea is good today
the bread got burned
i will make diner
i ate warm bread
i ate grassy cakes
he is fed up with you
do you have a problem between you two
he is his son
is there someone who forsakes his son
he wasted his future
lets go to the sea
i didnt do anything bad
we were pn good terms
we didnt fight
we were good with each others
nothing is clear yet
you cant know what happens
reduce phone sound
you remained asleep
what is done cannot be undone
i'm hungry lets go eat
i went to the sea
where are you going
i did bad when i cheated on you
i ask forgiveness
i wont forgive you
even if i want i cant
god forives
last time i do similar things
you wont see me again
kiss her hands
look for your husband
just cut it
lets go to the next episode
nice to meet you
what are you doing here
if i were you i would have gone
i will make it now
we are woring with each other
its a big star
what do you wanna do in life
i made a coffee
i drink coffee
the sea is calm tofay
dilevry is free
the machine is a nice thing
you know me well
they know me well
what you do is wrong
its not right
you flex on people
you wanan be popular
this is not angry
i wont botehr you
i wanna a selfie
i wanan right something
its all normal
every time liek this
are we good
you dont agree
i told you to do a film
you have no idea
this field is not yours
you cant do it
alright
i went far
the car has arrived
whats up madap
why are you wet
cover yourself
take the towel
you are wet
join her
make us a cup of tea
i will make it now
you will get cold
why did you listen 
what has told me
she fooled you
you lost you money and husband
if you have something to say not now
i'm talking to you mada
i wanna talk about my kid
you kid took her money
its all enough
she is too sick
this is because of your kid
its a shame
what hdid he do
my kid is a man
he is well educated
he is toxic
what he done
he made her like that
dont speak about him
your business
i wanna know 
he left them
he wont leave her wife and kid
he took money from account
is she her enemy
no she is her wife
this is not true
you are a liar
all your talk is a lie
my kid is respectgful
he cant do it
go dont believe
you are wrong
do you tink we lie
i will call the press
we will do a shit show
you want them to expose your thief of a son
you want to expose him
wher are you going
i'm going alone
she is defending him
its time you calm down
just relax
dont think
money comes and go
we wil lsupport you
dont be ashamed
we will truly support you
most impoortant thing is your son
he needs you
your son needs you
i'm going now
take a hot shower
rest a bit
and sleep 
tomorrow we come again
me and the girls will see you
just go now
take care
take car now
close the dood
i will put my clothes ans sleep
i'm thinking how could he
i will write him a message
i will do a video
crying 
where is my tablette
hey doc how are you
we dont have a session today
i need to speak with tiy
whats your problem
why you crying
he took all my accounts
i have nothing left
my husband cheated me
what are yoy talking about
i slept a lot today
what happends is of the past
today i went to sea
i entered the water
i was about to die
you are not my friend
tell em exactly what happened
this is a bad feeling
i have a bad feeling
its bad to get robbed
what did i do to you
what's the mistake i did 
we will get back to this topic
but tell me why first
how did you met him
where did you met him
i was at a restaurant
its like yesterday
i was alone
alone and crying
thats when my history started
this place see first time
i was walking there
i tought he loved me
i had a rdv with you
all my phone
he told me not to come
i cried because i loved him
its done between us
he will marry his cousin
she inherited her dad
he wants he heritage
this is a bad news
i didnt think he will do it
i hope i vanish
you asked me about my friends
i hates it
i tought he is nice
i tought he loved me
he is bad
he used me
but its destined
what happened
its god plan
he saw me from a far
he asked me why
god helped me
god gives what you want
i prepare whats better
i paid attention to one person
he was sitting
he heard everything
he brought me a rose
we met in the appropriate  time
he kissed my hand
he sat with me on the table
he drank a juice
he has a nice laugh
she is too careful
he left me
he liked it
he was too honest
he was simple
he has all the conditions
she desires any person
when did you felt he changed
i felt nothing
i didnt find any difference
nothing change
he still remains the same
he still the same
stay like that till morning
thats why i say there is something
its not just a coincidence
i think there is something else
i think there is something wrong
i met him when i was weak
thats true
thats why i saw nothing
what did you wanna say 
what do you wanna mean
look for the response
you know the response
finish the next lesson
good bye doctor
i sat in my bureau
i work something on my computer
i'm filling some forms
my husband joined me
he came to see my 
he told me nice words
i dont know if he is upset
are you gonna upset me
stay put
i want to know if this is true
your husband 
is this true
i dont know if this true
this is too weird
he has bellar glass
my heart remained clean
i'm afraid for him
i'm going from house to house
my hand gives me
this is from one day
i'm choked
its too expensive
close the room's door
look its in the fridge
close the door behind you
you are going crazy
my friend is calling me
this man is fedup
he took everything
he did that
i didnt think this happened
he did all of this
why are you bad
i will go on my motobike
i will hurry to work
the director just came
work starts at 8
hey
how are you fine
we do sports 
how did you become like this
i play football
why do i do this
where are you going
i cant see you upset
why are you crying
who upset you
go out from here
tell me who told you this
i will kill who upset you
its not too late
i worked with that actor
this is a new face
i hope you are okay
i work in radio
whats the matter with him
he is oppressing me
no one can oppress me
you dont listen to me
my cousin
i tell you 
where do you work
ask me
if only you saw me
i forgot her name
who are you 
whats your friend called
i bought clothes
i bought a house
those people arent good
listen here
marry someone from famuly
do you remember when we traveled
i will hit you
you were good with me
she is tricky
its cold
he fooled me
its not to this point
i was serious
our good rest beteween us
i will marry without love
this is no talk
what did he do
you dont wanna marry
this is frightining
i will bring it to you
i do what i want
you just order me
i want to produce a film
what do you say
i told you
what we need
what you said is what remains
you always do what i want
this is your talk cousin
i dont hide nothing
i like him
you did nothing bad to me
i want to be with him
i want you to help me
if you couldnt help please tell me
i will go on my way
i wont financially help you
your father left you everything
you have more than i do
i dont need money
i help you in everything except money
i need him to know i have talk
what i want 
i do what i want
i know you will do it
we will think a bit
we will do a flm
i have a condition
its good for us
he is a well known actor
we need a publicitor
what do you think ?
ists a good idea
we need to work on it
but just accept ow
now writing
always be laughing
i write down whats needed
where is she working
how much you pay per month
take the money
take you pay
these are mine and you husband
if youd ont have no problem
thanks madam
we can be patient
its okay if you dont have
this is the safe house
i will see hiow much in there
i will search in my drawer
i didnt find the key
i have a problem in house
do you open safes
which model do you have
stay on the line
if its today
i will be home
just see if you can
i live in the first street
i'm waiting for you
dont be late please
 i opened the drawer
im sitting in my desk
i broke the flass
what do you do here
you left this
there is nothing else
take this and go down
why are you looking at me
go away
i'm staying in my mirror
she is crying
she remembered what happened
she was on the bed
his son came to her
she hug her son
where is my father
i dont know how to explaun
you will grow up and i will explain
he went somewhere
i understand mommy
he killed grandpa
he killed papa
dont say this
no one can harm him
and why dont he come
i miss him
he should call me on whatsapp
i need to see him
he deosnt have connection
his phone isnt working
why did you sleep
i couldnt sleep
go to your room son
open up your gift
play in your room
you will sleep son
i didnt open them
why you still here
im waiting 
when you come i open them
he likeds to play with us
he wants to open gifts
even if its not his
did you want to say something
why did you stop 
here is nothing
gimme a hug
irm looking for my tablet
why didnt you lie to police
did you open up
i dont know what you talk about
i dont know what he talks about
why are you running
im talking to you
is she her husband
he opress women
you are not a man
you are  a low life
talk to me
you are not made for this
lets go home
just calm down now
did you see him 
he strikes his wife
you cant stand him
why do we care
she should go to police
to police station
she is afraid
she cant do nothing
lets keep watching them
i came to tie them
she made a comment
she told me not my business
she insulter me
just calm down now
lets go home
im making my nails
my man came to me
dont touch me
dont touch me
why tought ?
what i said now
calm down wife
dont you get it
do you have prife
i hate you
divorce me
i wont leave you
be safe
i'm going crazy
i want divorce
go ask a divorce
bare in mind
you reached this thank to me
you can do nothing
do you really wanan divorece
you wanna demolish all we built
did they say something about me
do you think i'm fool
or i do it
wife be calm please
people make mistakes
i never complained
you are such a drama queen
we are like in a film
i wont cry 
you are an angel
you are touching my pride
you insulted me
what do you wanna say ?
you never did a mistake ?
you have never done it
be shameful
she hit her husband
she slapped him
she went
go sleep 
mom i wanan say something
tell me 
you wanan say something
my friend told me my dad fled
did he fled ?
m afraid mom
why are you afraid daughter
afraid for dad to flee
you dad loves you
he will never leave you
you are his eyes
take of these idead
your friend is just making things
he will come
thats whats happening
why do we care
go forsake him
i dont wanan hear his name
dont talk aboyt him
this talk choke me
dont be afraid
why do you cry
this is night
night you should be quiet
you are not afraid
you are not normal
this talk isnt proper
you wont succeed 
your behaviour has changed
dont mind me
i made my daughter sleep
i told her a story to sleep
i did nothing to you
i said nothing
you started yelling
i said you are not notmal
your head isnt in place
you started yelling
all this and you say you blamless
you dont remember
you are crazy
dont yell infront of my daughter
you are frigjting her
learn what to say
dont yell infront of my daughter
tell her good night
are you good now
tell her good night
i'm sick now
all this because of you
you aggravate me
you should be ashamed
excuse me i'm wrong
i dont know his name
i get choked because of him
i will ask my daughter forgiveness
you will harm your daughter
if something happens to her i will kill you
if she got sick i wont forgive you
i have one question
we will close this topic
why didnt you tell me to go off a while now
she will open now
i work till the night
someone wants to travel morning
he lost his passport
it has one minute
he doesnt have breather
he got choked
the machine is working
he sewed it
the film is done
your daughter is soo sick
i dont know what i talk to you
this is angry
i'm fed up
i will go prepare myself
my aunt is calling me
i dont wanna answer my phone
this is a new movie
i'm at the sea
i opened the box
my daughter gave me this rock
i hid it under the bed
i still work
good evening wife
i went out from work
what do you wanna eat
have you cooked diner
the project is groing up
when the work is imorived we will hire people
sorry for the bother
i  know you have work
this is quality
the price is convenient
the  deliveries are good
i'm going to pharmacie
work is scarce
if work got a lot we will suffer
the road is jam
she is far from me
the delviery came yesterday
we are late for you
are you near to house
i'm at the elevator
i'm waiting for you
take eat this
god save you my wife
the delivery will come today
i want to come back tomorrow
i will give you commandes of today
can you give them back
is there wortk 
i wil lcome early today
we agreed for tomorrow
this is bedroom
its been a while i didnt come here
this is my daughter bed
i played with her
she convinced me
is there the work 
i know it is
they came these days
i'm the new house wife
welcome madam
take these to stock please
we received a new brand
do you wanna drink menth
i will try it this time
if i want it i wil ltell you
are you still here
you will find new boxes
they came new
i put them there
the boite is
bring me one
do you want them for this madam
stop asking
mind your business
i will mind my work
dont mind me
tell me the price
do you have money
i followed it
she came running
take this
she forgot to give it
i forgot it
welcome madam
thanks
can i ask you
you have a problem
dont mind my question
my problem is known
i tried but no results
dont mind me
god will help you
thanks
she saw me until she went
its getting dark now
the safe is full
he smoked one cigg
take back clothes
i will take it to home
welcome back
i'm at the station
i will play music
i wanan rest
let me show you something
let me put this
watch this page
they sell like me
there is problem 
they do publicity
these products are not like you
they do videos
they do photos
they have social media
i looked well
they do delivery abroad
this is from phone
what do you think
i will see hiow much in there
i'm talking to you
i wanan grow my project
especially internationnaly
you need many goods
you need funding
who will support this
i go from work
i go bring goods
i'm lazy too
i do all this effort
we will add more effort
i'm following roads
i will come and go
we can endure it
we need to be patient
i will see another one
we need someone to work with us
he slept and i stayed
this is my own goods
i will help you mi wife
we started this project together
we will continue it together
just what do you tjink
i will continue it alone
you are wrong
you forgot this 
how can i forget
i couldnt forget
i dont care
diont you see now
do you see what you did
this is our son 
we brought clothes
we brought boxes
we bought toys
what the matter
we win nothing from it
we should praise our son
we have no son
we cant be happy
i wil lsit in my children place
my husband came
you play well
i didnt wake early
i pass good day with you
i called the hospital
we see the news
will something change
i will see the treatment
suggest something new
why not
i will prepare to go
i wanna take my meds
my doc told me to take meds
i'm fed uo
i will take meds on time
someone is knocking
are you the female working on pharmacie
you brought us this 
i work in pharmacie
my friend shower me the house
i said i will take the box
its not on the delivery
dont bother
the payment is right
its normal
i'm looking at the stocks
welcoem to my house
you house is nice
wait here i'm coming
this room is nice
are you preparing for a new born
good luck
you have a good taste
i feel you
god is helping you
you are stable
you need a candle
no one found it 
tell me whats the matter
just tell me please
we came from house 5 years now
all i have is mistakes
they married me 
i tought marriage is easy
i live a hard life
my hisband is an addict
he did me bad
i found myself pregnant
i dont my son to grow up with his dad
i dont want it to look like his dad
one day i woke up and fled
from that time i work in everything
everything i work in
i work as it happens
my son is working
i want him to be good
i feel you
you didnt pass easy stuff
how old is your son
i will show you
he will atteint 3 years
god save him
thank you 
whats his name
his name is saad
so he get lucky in life
he has a nice name
sorry i'm going
i wil lwait
why did you put another music
answer me please
i brought a son
so bad you left me alone
where did she go
the boy is crying
my boy dont cry
i will give you milk to drink
how did you find my desk
imortantly is to work
i will work everywhere
my desk isnt new
when do i come madam
you need to come now
but you didnt inform me
i informed you now
i brought you a coffee
she took my son
where do i find it now
slow down
explain what happened
she took my son
and you tell me to relax
she fld with my son
calm down
why the screaming
dont tell me to calm down
what will i do with people
what will i tell to mom
she is near house
she does it voluntarily
she want you to do like this
i cant how t odo
i will bring it down
he is our son
she want to take 
its been a while i'm waiting
she wants to take everything
i will not leave it 
it will pass easily
i will look for my son
dont get late
bring me my son please
just wait for me
wait in the balcony
good morning girls
enter welcome
this is a big day
are you taking breakfast
we took breakfast
your sister is breakfasting
she takes good care
she made me a good pancakes
thanks hon
i toight you will become first
why will you shut up
are you crazy
you told us nothing
okay madam
she is my friend
we are happy to mmet your
 nice to meet you
she is pregnant
are you sick
she isnt hot
its not you business
you dont know him
i said nothing wrong
i should answer her
you will live with us ?
this house is full
every girl has a story
we dont know your story
tell me what you have
we know each other secrets
if we say something we save it
close your mouth
why do you mingle
you say something isnt your business
this is foolish
go shop
we are haveing a nice girl
go to market now
i'm not your maid
do you understand ?
i have niothing to do here
you like to wander off
you like to go off
let get you off
if you feel derranged i go
you dont have to talk to me
you are like girls welcome
if you arent comfy go away
i will not hold you
they want to kill you
i talked you saw me
dont say to me who want to kill it
mind your business
feel like home
the kitchen is upstairs
eat what you want
i asked you about her
let her rest
she is pregnant
treat her well
can i count on you
thanks sis
god help you sis
thanks sister
thank you
the boy is crying
is there the director
you did bad sis
he is her son
i stayed with her until she gave birth
she gave her son
where do i find her now
go look elsewhere
she isnt here
i dont want problem
i hate problems
i dont know where to live
she isnt there
go our i call police
help me sir
let me wait here
she could come here
explain please
she know she wont come back
she wont leave he son
why did you do this
what will i do now
 i told ou to go
let me alone
go away
answer your phone
he will call until tomorrow
you broke your head
answer or turn off
i dont know
he is good
that guard is nice
he isnt mad
he wont let her wife do what she wants
your are his wifes
why did she want to take your sons
she is pregnant as well
explain to me please
this is messed up
she married me
he married her and she do
she got pregnant
she isnt pregnant
its just fabric
is that true
is that 9 months
this is a crime
you cant be quiet
what does she wanan do now
she is waiting for a boy
i dont know what she will put
where is your family
i have no family
i have god
i dont know what to say
you need to report her
she is a liar
she want to take your child
she want to scam you
what will i tell the police
they wanan take my son
no one will believe me
tis is not logical
i dont know what to say
what will you do in this situation
i can do nothing
excuse me 
i made you suffer
i dont see a problem
i cant stand with you
the boy is crying 
i'm in the pharmacie now
i will buy him milk
thanks sir
god give you 
its not a ptovlem
she is suffering
i'm waiting this
i want to sign a contract
congratulation amdam
i wanna go now
did we finish work
i need to go back
we didnt finish work
we will  meet tomorrow
we will hold a meeting tomorrow
im going now
tomorrow i wil be with you
just stay still
why are you stressed
you are stressing me
take drink milk
she wants to flee
she left her son here
he is not my son
call the police
i do nothing
i was going out
whos son is he
who is this boy
why did you do this mess
what did she do
he wants to take police
you wanna take her to prison
like you are some angels
you have never done something wrong
listen first to what she said
why do you care
dont put yourself n this
tell us what you have
he has one day
is this bad
do i look like i gave birth
i got thirsty this day
gimme water please
bring me water please
you dont say 
you are always like that
first day i knew you are like this
i didnt understand this film
i came from country side
take your son and go
why do you care
go oaway
i dont lie to you
ahs she answered
she deosnt answer
what will you do now
will you stay still 
why are you watching me
go look for her
what do you want me to do
i searched everywhere
do yo uwant me to look in streets
like a fool
you need to find her
you told me you will bring her
i told you you need to talk
stay still
i will look for her
hold on
where are yo ugoing
i will go look for her
thats what i todl you
2 min and i call you
its not the time now
dont tell me why
i told you final words
can i count on you
this is not the time for questions
a moment and i call you
i will count on you
gimme a bit of dates
she is right
she did it
we need to make sure
you dont shy
life has no suprises
eat something
who is this madam
i always find you eating
today you made harira ?
its smell
she wants to flee
they want her to sit
put the bowel down
we dont want problems
are you mad
dont believe him he lies
take the boy and go
she a normal problem
take my phone 
if you find it bring it
do you want police to knock on my door
thank god
let her stay over
i pity him
i will stay this night
tomorrow i'm going
what did she say
she accepted
she deosnt say yes
god will punish you
i asked for diner
lets stay comfy here
the house is big
take which room you like
madam i need to go
i hate sea provlems
i hate this weather
stay here i wont bother you
do you know my name
let it in work
i know your name i respect
lets agree on something
if you are in desk respect them
ease up
call me however you like
i know one thing
work is work
i hate other things
why this has happened
i got out of work
there is no work now
i'm coming to you
i will go with you
who dided
my aunt died
i'm going on the bus
i want to ask 
when does the bus come
let me wear something
i wil lgo with you
just stay here
i'm going now
how are you with work
why did he came
i came today
i'm on the bus
do they have a driver
where is your work car
why did they sent you in bus
i wil ltell you
hang up now
why are you absant
wake up now
let me sleep now
i wake up tired
i feel ache
sorry please
it will be last time
did you get paid this month
i feel bad today
i dont have where to fo
i told you that stuff
i cant stay over in street
do they sent you
of course not
forgive me this time
he is warm
i'm begging
god save you
she deosnt shut up
she begs him
dont take my money
leave my money 
i always say no to problems
you are not  a man
you took all my stuff
he is not a man
i will slap you
you want to kill me
i agree to your problems
you have too many problems
i will leave the house
if you were a wife you would have followed your man
go away
go out madam
ill you go now
i need one place
i want to go by myself
are you oing
lets go
is the petrol sufficient
let me see
go in her place
i will see whats the matter
the battery is lost
see what i told you
take this with you
god help you
god help you
if you werent a problem
i wouldnt have known what to do
buy a new battery
wil lwe stay like this every day
if you buy it you cant come to me
i want it to break down
i wanna see you
what has happened now
do you want me to take you with me
i wanna change my clothes
i'm coming now
bring me water please
do you want a cafe
just go now
what do i do now
i'm confused
i will eat bread
where did you take yet yesterday
you look upset
there is no problem
there is nothing wrong
you know nothing
i knew just now
like all people
i took it to casablanca
great job
great job
you went to casa
you cant do it
take me where you went
i will follow her now
hurry up
who is she
are you new sis
i never saw you
you just started
maybe i change the hood
first time i come
i are not here
go on car
wher eis the madam
when i saw her i hate her
i stay off road
do you wanna work
i talk to you
follow me
what will we work
dont be afraid
yiu are not normal
she got attached
she is angry
she is his mother
hermother went
i'm his mother
dont you understand
give me your card
dont you lsiten
why the card
why you ask
this is the first time
they demande card
you will go straight to police
without any problems
search me when i go
god forbids
i didnt drink my morning coffee
do you wanna make me sick
just do something
look who knocks
i will open the door
i will see what happens
stay there
see a solution pplease
i need 3 jobs
i need 2 saloons
i work in jkitchen
i have guests tomorrow
i will give birth
dont come and go
That's why I was wondering where this bone pain came from and this and all the nerves
i want to end in two days
i will bring another one
come i'm going
i wil lbe at you
this is good news
you made my day
tell him to come
just be relaxed
i will pay you back
why have you lied to me
why did you just came
why you just asked me
why did you lied
tell me why
youi have no idea
wait for mom and we will talk
listen to me well
your mom is blameless
they lied to me
you lied to my face
you hurt my reputation
you are jealous
silence please
just fo
at the end we are a family
i dont deserve iot
dont touch me
why do you talk like this
i want  to grow a kid
thats whaat you want
she is a blame
my daughter doesnt wanna look at me
i became an enemy
i will dispose of me
i dont have my daughter
she wont go with you
this is a big problem
you love it a lot
think about her
i call you 
have you listened to this
i'm the one who's always not good 
i aonly listen
what do  i wait from you
you need to find life
she is respected
she has to marry
she didnt mean anything
dont yell at her
these are family problems
why do you treat me like this
i'm your step wife
you sabotaged everything
i have no family
dont aggravate me
everything went because of you
she is crying by herself
no one is answering phone
i went back to attend to cemetry
i'm not home
we both need to talk
until the publicity passes
she came
i will eat quickly
i'm talking now
dont you see me talking
you came back from school
the film repeated
he isnt compatible with her
she doesnt like him
where she went
why is she hurrying
i have one thing to do
her phone is turned off
she is angry
did she something bad
dont cry daughter
he doesnt wanna answer me
why has he just appeared
its not his business
do you know what happened
who is knocking now
my daughter has gone
did you hate it when i went
you never asked me 
you never asked abiout me
you only think about you house
dont think what happened
you hurted your mom with this talk
you are right
its not the mom that give
what you do is immortal
this is crazy
i'm confused between
god help me i'm weak
my heart is hurting
your father is married
he must be angry
i wish to call her
does she answer
dont be upset
tomorrow i will recall you
i was about to call you
i wanna speak to you 
she went off home
does she have her friend
you are a good man
did it happen 
i will do something good with you
my dad pushed her outside
she went off home
she is matured
she knows what she is doing
they lied about you
take care brother
just see please
god help you
if you dont have the card you wont work
i wont do something bad
let us talk in phone
be silent a bit
what have you done
who sent ?
why do you call about these details
the other went upstairs
i still have work to do at home
my sister is busting my brain
i told you no means no
tell them to clean the carpets
dont tell me if there is nothing to tell
can you please do me a favor
only god knows
are you done yet
prepare them at the door
take off the blouse
i'm coming to you
have you worked in hoses
this is the first time
i have never workd in a house
why are you upset
i need this work 
come lets go
is this where you put it
i put it in this street
she went from the other road
what do you know about me
ionly know seriousness
i dont lie 
i will negotiate a better price
you didnt reduce price
be understandable
tell em thank you adn go
you took my money
you want to take everything
dont be afraid of nothing
be relaxed madam
we only need to clean rooms
tomorrow i will bring the maid
the cave isnt fixed
do the stairs and the garage
are we good ?
thanks sister
i was loking for you
you went early today
you are not accustomed to this
i heard some good news
are you good you
i found a new job
is it in a cafe
in a society
i work as a waiter in a restaurant 
bring me something to fill
there is stuff to eat today
you did what you want
there is meat and chicken
i will find you dressed
just come i will bring you
where are we going
why do you still ask me
the guy who you told me
take it to house maids
he is a big cadre on his company
he scheduled a spot for you
be good
the work is accepted
cant you be confident
he has 4 certification yet no work
be a bit assertive
wear and dress nicely
from where did you find this
its not your problem
i will bring it down
i want you to be good today
are we okay ?
now tell em what you want
want a pastilla of chicken or fiche
turn off phone 
go dress its late
let me clean the floor
i sleep here by day
ask the guard of night
didnt you find this girl
i didnt see her sir
just look sir
she is just wandering here
her husband died
she is wearing white clothes
she is religious
i saw nothing like her
there is no problem
are you looking for someone
i'm looking for my daughter
she is working there
Thursday you have
dont yell
i stroke him to the ground
you stroke the other students
i saw you just standing still
why are you somming in
take off these curtains
we need to clean all fo this
these untensils need to be cleaned
do they niot clean them
go god help you
we still have a long day ahead
what have you done to the table
i'm only cleaning it
what have you done
its gotten bad
help me sis
i have nothing to hide
they need to be informed about it
what did i do
do you shave now
i felt its moving
arent you goin to doc
i cant go 
i need to go to doc
we should know what you recieved it
leave me alone
how will we descend
there are maids
everything has a solution
prepare yourself
go dress up
ell me what you feel
we need to go now
prepare yourself
do you know what you did
i just cleaned it
dont be upset
i will reimburse you
take it off my pay
go away from here
do you know its worth
if you work your whole life you cant afford it
where are you going
get out
i wont see your face here
go take grandma ffrom here
alright madam
put it in another streer
tell it not to stay in front of the door
tell me to go a bit
they will see nothing
what have you done
i didnt do it 
it was dusty all i want is to clean it
the doctor did a radio
why does she have fiever
she is cold a bit
time is of the essence
thanks doctor
dont drink herbs
only drink meds
dont take something else
god heal you
thanks a bunch doc
you listened to the doc
be careful from cold
inchaelah yo will give birth
they will tell no one
where have you been
we just came from the doc
what did he tell you
he told me i have cold
and she has somethibg
i have nothing thank god
lets go now
why are you closing
take care of your son
be afraid for him
i'm his dad
i'm looking for him
i care for him
i dont trust you
you are pregnant with my son
say again
i empathy here
i told her this is your son
what did you tell her again
just this i told her
she is in front of you ask her
i didnt add nor remove anything
you know i'm sick
do you want to make me crazy
what do you want us to do
you saw how we took you out
how do you want us to enter you
stop this non sense
its not your problem
take off you hands
be ashamed
speak slowly
are you crazy
you are exposing us
let me alone 
who are you madam
i told you to go off
leave me alone
i dont have where to go
pray for me please
i'm not from here
this is night
what are you doing in streets now
you are good
go back a bit
i will sit next to the tree
descend girls
complete your job
i will pay you in the end of the week
where will i go ?
just  let them
take me please
i didnt find rent yet
i'm still new in town
take money and go
i will stay in the car
dont leave me alone please
i told you i cant
i'm a stranger
where will i go ?
god help you
thanks sir
are you afraid ?
i didnt nothing illegal
he wants to marry me
what does he want to do ?
is he sane
doesnt he fear god
look what there is to ir
continue with your story
look how people became
who are you bro
you became pretty
i was waiting you see me
i dont wanan take it
i said until you come
slowly
my heart is sensitive
what have they done with you
sit first
i told you they accepted me
dont laugh at me
tell me with details
who will send us
i will give them this time
what did you do when you entered
tell me when you got out
dont be afraid
you will sleep here today
tomorrow and go
is there someone who wil ltake me
no one will offend you
i will stay just in here
get in till tomorrow
close off the door
whats your name
wait there until tomorrow
thank you sir
cover up
there is cold
listen off dont run off
fleeing isnt a solution
find off solution to your problem
go to your house its better
you still young
good morning
eat a sandwich before it gets cold
you became a employee
you need to make the table
buy me a sandwich
just eat now
bring a sheep roasted
you deserve every good
you remembered when i was young
you stole your chicken neighbor
you are too offensive
these are some good days
there are some good days
do you now why
do you know why
you are always by my side
you are always by my side
you become busy
you are still busy
tell me true words
dont fool me up
i was always getting at you
who do they do
they made a price
they left a low salary
are you serious
is it not enough
you say it happily
its more than the price
he told me he will increase the price
even tho iwant to increase price
you sent me to the lad
he treated me well
tell me what will you do with the first sqlary
tell me what do you want
is it thon
go pay the chicken
have you seen her
i didnt see her
i know you 
tell me where she go
she was just here
i went back
i dont want same experience
i had one eue
i forsake it
i was tighted
one year im looking
i heard the news
they told me he died
they brought a box from spain
what is your name
you know the liver
you know it dont you
you dont find your children
i put my daughter in the highiest regareds
i forced her to marry
i know i did a mistake
i destroyed her
she is broken
did she tell you
she told me everything
listen i will tell you
we are at a restaurant
why are you messed up
i feel lazy
you wont understand the meaning of hunger
you will never be a moth
you are making a false stomach
you wont udnerstand whats pregnancy
look this lack of respect
talk slowly or i will hit you
do you want me to talk slowly
i will fool ypurself
she is not pregnant
you are sicking
she wants my stomach
she wants to take my son without my will
what do you wanna do 
do you like it now
take me home
lets go together
what will you do with your daughter
i will kiss your head
i promise you 
i will improve my daughter
dont repeat this
she saw her father and ran
she hid in her car
your daughter was here
she ran just now
i didnt see when she go
the blanket is here
lets search there
you are still near
who are you
what do you do in my car
excuse me i just hid here
this is night i dont want problems
i'm fleaing my dad
just leave me alone please
i beg you sis
has your husband died 
he husband died recently
how many years are you
do you wanna go with me
take me with you sis
lets go
lets go dont be shy
you look young
thats why you dad wants marriage
even if i'm old nothing change
best thing you did is fleeing
are you doing well
is she like your dad
he treated me like his daughter
he taught me and let me do what i want
this is like her daughter
you are lucky
you will live pride
i want to get married
i want to work
you are with me home
you will work with me
whats your job
just rest now
after we talk
who do you think you are
you wanna fly ?
you wanan eat it ?
speak slowly
she is wanting food
whats wahm
is wahm 2 days
are you pregnant
i regret the day we met
have you changed your clothes
i will go change now
do you need a dress
i need my sis dress
go sleep now
you didnt tell me your job
i hear your heart beating from afar
do you think is Haram
we look in commerce
commerce is Halal
why you lie
the girl is nice
she is working nice
i will go flee
i will go from window
he is in front of door
when will this week pass
dont hate me
when he will born i will name him
what is she saying
this boy could not come
have you drink something
this boy better go
i dont want my son to have a mother like you
he felt everything
i dont deserve to be his mom
i sold my son
i sold my son for money
i gave him to a woman
you are pregnant calm down
first day we agreed
you will see him from time to time
stay put
have you tested
why is she faking
maybe she drank something
she wants to kill 
lets go to hospital
give me please the invoice
go stay in your house
dont give birth here
dont be afraid
where were you
i was in the toilette
lets go we are closing
do you stay here ?
why is this question
can you give me something to eat
i feel hungry
are you okay
i came from my house
my husband died
you are like me
he used me
he insulted me
after he forgot me
everyone knew i go with hiom
they talk about me
i dont feel good
i took my stuff and ran
they didnt know where i went
i dont deserve to drop in street
the doc is coming
doc i wanna ask you
you brought her in time
it could have been worse
can we see it please
let her rest 
when can we take it
she cant go out now
she needs to stay in hospital now
we need to know what there is to it
she can give birth any time now
she needs to leave the hospital
you heard what the doc said
do you want us to take her when she is sicl
so yo uwant it to heal
its not my problem
my  goal is her child
she carry a child
most importantly she doesnt stay here
if she wakes up it will be messed up
cool down
you are cold blooded
you will send us to prison
you say calm down
what do you want us to do
do what you want
let me think a bit
take of this white
doesnt suit you sis
can i stay over
sorry i cant
you know my story
i told you what there is
i barely found 
i cant sis
at fajr you need to leave
you wont find me by fajr
i will make you food
my daughter is still hurt
i have any right 
i'm her dad
she is my daughter
you cant take anything 
you dont have right
speak in darija
i have barely studied
you daughter isnt young any more
your daughter is responsible
she is more than 20 years
she need to sign documents
she needs to sign
she needs to take her money
i'm her dad
those money wont be taken
just be commited
what sould i do now
do i need to sign something
yo udaughter is the only one
would i take my daughter money
you made me a thief
i have elevated her
you didnt understand
you think i'm stupid
go change
i wont go until i take money
he is a lawyer
bring your daughter
okay sir
we will see the law
will you work today
i will take you to province
take me too
you do problems
i wont repeat
i cant do problem today
i want to pass a relaxing day
let me stau at the kitchen
i wanna cook in kitchen
the kitchen is nice
i wont take you
dont fool me up
go rest 
say you dont know
do you  make selou
i know sis
come sit
do you speak with me
hurry up
let me open the door
i will occupy
if you need something i'm here
she made meds in soupe
she wans her to stay asleep
she woke up
eat lunch
i wont eat
you want to starve him
i told you i dont
you want to leave me
thats what we agreed on
you said it
i wont give you my son
i dont want give birth
who is sitting there
this boy works with us
her husband brought her
they send it to desk
she doesnt wanan eat
she wants to mess up
go drink
drink slowly
let her be
if you dont do it she will scream
she wants to do a provlem
let me go alone
let me alone with her
she wants to take my son
did you find a way
i wont give her the kid
she has bad intention
you think far
do i lie
its just provlem
i feel dizzy
your son is our
lets go before someone comes
take my serum
take my sheets
bring the chair
take it slowly
go before the doc 
is there a problem
the doc wants to come
i will call her
hurry before the doc comes
we will come
you are not reliable
are you gonna leave me alone or not
you wanan count
i will go slowly with you
when you come bring the car
where are you going
i'm going to bring the car
you are not reliable
i will take it now
go bring the car
the smell is good
who cooked the tajine
you  clean th
are you not advisable
i did it by myself
the girls will  be starving
where is selou
i'm cleaning
you need to hurry up
dont stay all day long here
i wanna say something
i didnt forget your goods
my parents both died
god took them
my grandma died too
god help us
go pray
be reassured sis
go mind your work
i should find nothing please
 be relaxed
stay put
you wont stay there
i will change your desktop
today i have a rdv
i will go now
how long to give birth
i will give birth today
are you saying it now
lets go seet whats happening
just mild pain
i wanna talk with them
go to his parents
i cant go
we lived in the mosque
you need care
you are hungry
giving birth isnt easy
go to your father
better ask forgiveness
call him
take phone and call your dad
this is your daughter calling
where were you daughter
i looked you 
i'm in casa
i seached everywhere
come back
did you not sympathize
you made a big fuss
you wanted to make me marry
i ddidnt want to make your marry
i'm afraid girls
i will miss you
i will come back
you heard
thnaks friends
i wish i was in your place
i would be pleasant
i cant go with my stomach
go god help you
what will you do
i'm competent
peel this please
this is my first day working
what are you doing here
the woman came to me
i'm making good deeds
i brought you with money
i bought it with money
come clean 
leave this place
pour this here
bring it slowly
the car is in the garage
take the woman slowly
put her in her place
make her drink her meds
i want to give her pillow
go leave her
i'm mcoming
she is pitty
go away
dont close to her she is sick
its not your business
can you shut up
if you cant just go
let her 
where do you want us
re looking for prison
why are you pesimist
i'm thiking if someone saw us
open the door
i wont open the door
i will bring a lock to put on it
why do i care
my love i miss you
why are your hands cold
are you cold
are you comfy
are you upset
you are upset
we are good
i prefer here
or he says i'm good here
god guides you mom
god guides you my daughter
god forgive you
what do you want me to say
i will complain
i feel sick
i'm too tired
do i find you crying
i miss you mom
i 'm wasting my time
i wil ltell you good news
i found my name on the list
which list
of people going out of prison
are you sure mom
tell me please
do you know when
i'm looking for a house
i will see a broker
to look for it
you are not satisfied
i was dead
do you wanna appear
are you not ashamed
take me from here
i wana go to my room
dont come back
dont come again
i wanna speak about a topic
i'm hearing you
i wanan ask you something
do you need a maid
you will find me available
i'm occuying
i will occupy the system
reduce the intake
give me half
are you working
are you spying
go mind your business
she went outsode
what are you doing here
you feel the pain
what do i do now
i took a taxi
i'm cleaning
where are you girls
i finished long  ago
the gardner is late
i saw you not well
i'm too tired sis
you are sufficient
go back your things
i'm waiting in the car
i wll go before your hear news
what news are you bringing
she left you alone
she told us you took our money
you blackmail girls
i wil lclean you house
i will do anything
i heard it well
i dont wanan wake you up
how are you
i brought you something to eat
i brought a nice soupe
i dont wanan eat
this boy is innocent
taste it 
i cant
did you like it
eat it slowly
i will clean it by myself
take your money and go
what did you do sis
you are askign what you did
you told her to work
i'm not available
i didnt mean it
go away
you are not patient
i will do something
i will find a solution
what will you do
what you do is a lot
drink this
i heard from window
i was in garden
i heard everything
i will bring a pillow
did you call me wife
where were you before
i was in the garage
what where you doing in the garage
i was locking for a lock
did you find it
i didnt remember 
what will you do now
i will look for it
search well
buy new lock
i will go to plumber
i have a better oslution
ell me
can you find the woman
she is arrogant
she yells a lot
whats the solutio
she is liek in prison
pregnancy pain is hard
she is unpredictible
she wil ltry to run
she went to police
we will see what to do
what do you think we should do
give me clearance
the boy will bear my name
you will never hear this word
dont even try
do you listen what i said
when he will be born he will register
bring the lock now
whats the time now
shops will be closed
forget this talk
i will bring a lock
just shut it
sis do this
last time please
have you been paid
i took money sis
go now leave
i have no where to go
what i said is true
i stay in streets
i dont have nothing to drink or eat
do they send you
where did you call
whats this talk 
push hard
i'm at the hospital
i'm waitign for her to give birth
she gave birth 
what did she birth
a girl inchaelah
what will you do now
she will stay home
whats this question
mlind your business
you are answering yourself
you put too much effort
welcome home
you will suprvise the house
do whatever pleases you
you will suprvise the pay
she just came
you are scaring her
why the looks
kitchen is upstair
i will do what you command
open the door if you feel hunger
eat it if you want it
you are like us
i dont like noise
dont be noisy
avoid problems
all my daughters are similar
i punish them
the card is  cercled
i want to make a copie
where are you now
what is there in the roof
i will come to you now
lets talk after
its true literally
i worked a lot today
my feet hurt
go easy on yourself
you will stay like this 
i wont grow old
you speak a lot
dont say that name
the girls will hear you
i will tell you something
i dont see nothing
something good ?
tell em fast
ive been thinking
i kept thinking
i didnt understand nothing
speak 
without introductions
i changed my post
i got promoted
how did you manage
i did nothing
i was sitting and she came
she told meto answer
i told her ues
i asked her directly
i told her i wil lchange desk
you are good fit
its like i got slapped
happy fpr you
you are underrated
i tell it to you always
i told you yo udeserve better
she surprised me
she is true
how did you find it
good or not
thanks to her
its good to know people
its unlike the others
your girl finds you jobs
you kept waiting
i wll go make  diner
wait i'm coming
you hide your ID
you lied to her
you kept hiding it
do you need something here
i need noth
what are you doing here
open the foor
what do you need
be ashamed
i told you to shut
am I small that you shut the door on me
you cant do it
i wont liek it
you shoukld stay outside
you are not respected
you are not a  human
are you a human
you want to kill her
its my own son
i want to kill it
i do whatever 
you heard that
he is his father
who are you
you nothing
you worh nothing
you are lacking
you wont sceed your surgery
let me show you
dont close the door
god will punish you
the gardner came
there is no need
another time not now
what are you doing now
i'm making a juice
she is angry
who are yo uto me
are you her doct
you are a worker
you are not well
she keeps fussing
she breaks doors
one word
i will go outside
hear what i said
you didnt hear it before
we will move to canada
i brought all the papers
i wil lleave there
i will punish you
what are you saying
i should bring meds
i will go to pharmacie
dont mind me
god help you
no problem go
i have bad conditions
only god knows
if only you came before
i'm a good girl
you came in abd timing
i wish i could be of help
eat sis
i need to go now
i will tell you
take good care
you know well
she knows me well
i need to give the son
i need to move to countyside
i took a final decision
my son will stay with me
i will tell you final
come take my son
you want to kill me 
i showed where i am
be ashamed
this is bad
this is bad for your son
wher eis my son
you remember now
you left him
i didnt ran off
ive been looking
i kept looking
i went to hospital
i didnt find them
you keep lying
i wont forgive you
bad problem
you kept forgetiing me
i wont wait
i will call the cops
i gave you my son
show me where is my son
leave me alone
i put it in mosque
thanks sis
i will fix my glasses
you went to doc
you have the right glasses 
you have nothing
go do the surgery
i fear surgery
what do you intend to do
where are you going
i will run errand
let me company you
i will buy seeds
where did you put my son
he was just here
shame on you you left him
thanks gimme my son
what do you wanna do 
he is my own son
shame on you last time
how to know he is your son
is he stolen
you will make a fuss
i will call police to come
go no w
take the car from garage
i have a rdv with client
im waiting at the caafe
i told you what there is
after we talk
girls i'm sick
i will give birth today
bring me my phone
where id you put it
its in the other room
i'm coming wait
where are my car keys
she stole my car
lets go madam
lets drink coffee
we will be late for client
are you in a hurry
i'm not in a rush
whats these money madam
they are yours
is she not like me
i will add to you
what are you waiting
do you want her to give birth there
did you call her husband
we need clothes papa
which blanked should i bring
bring a new blanked
go i will follow you
where are you going
i will see you Monday
are you deaf
lets jus watch
the train will pass
look carefully
people are not careful
mind your business
they got it and you didnt
dont be false
i wont remember you
look how she is 
she is sick god help
is there lunch
there are two types
run the dog
look sis
today is a good day
Saturday 
i like fish
look at me
i'm fed up with your behaviour
shop is close
bring the chair
after it we will see what we do
lets see after
bring the sheet
lets go out tomorrow
i dont feel like talking to them
dont harm him
i passed the best day with you
lets do sports romorrow
there are too many guests
you need a tajine
look my friend
its near to me
she is not worjing
lets go to the bath
dont come with me
my big bro is not available
i'm too far
there is a good match
my mom wants to go outside
there is a match lets go watch
i hate lying
my aunt is working
there is no problem
take your bagage
wanna go to shop
its about discipline
it dont feel nothing
where were you
she cleaned the house
i feel bad today
there is my friend
its too expensive
i need to work
he talked about me before
look well on the other side
i dont study
but she wants
there is someone to work
i will go to her
its not my business
she is lying
i will go to her in the evening
you wont find her home
i'm not like you
mind your business
you wont come with me
there are good people
you will be with me in class
lets go gome
i dotn like you anymore
im not like the others
are you calling me ugly
cat are nice but they need care
I am sick
see this please
they're mature 
I have nothing left
I am going out what do you want
I am with you don't be scared
bro push the table this way
at least you're aware
don't trust everyone
he is lying to you 
keep your mouth open
a mosquito bit me
take your bag with you 
this is too heavy for you 
great idea
your analysis is great
you have something
you have nice things
wear your're clothes
it's cold
it's hot
it's snowing
we're going to travel
we're going to Ifran to see natural landscapes
close the door when you're out
open the window
let's go to the beach
drive slowly
cook lunch
how much the tomatoes are priced at
how much the onions are priced at
the vegetables are expensive
the grocery store is too far
I'm gonna take a taxi
I'm going to school
I have an appointment with the doctor
dinner is burned
I ate the tajine
collect your clothes
bring the car
I'm not going
give me Harira
I bought dessert
I ran out of gas
I'm going to the bathroom
did you take your medicin
sleep so you can get some rest
I came exhausted from work
I have a headache
cook the eggs
I played football
did you do sports
I took a shower today
do you want tea
go get the groceries
where is the notebook
it was here
look beside you
I gathered it in the night
sweep the room
no problem I found it
give me the money
I'm gonna go buy the spices
I get paid at the start of the month
she's eating candy
come with me
I'm sleepy
good night everyone
drive the bike
a young boy
hot tea
write in the notebook
talk with me
hello
I'll go pray
Dohr prayer
how much is the chicken
cross the road
water the garden
sun-dry the clothes
marrakech is beautiful city
there are historical landmarks
agadir is cold
what time is it?
it's praying time
did you have lunch
I just woke up
it was a long day
my hand got injured
I have to go to the doctor
today we cooked couscous for lunch
tomorrow is monday
give me a drink
the phone is ringing
he went to school
turn on the tv
it's none of your business
switch to the news
it's getting dark
I'm coming this thursday
there's nothing left
I'm gonna travel next week
I don't drink sugar
charge the phone
put on your shoes
this street has holes in the road
it's heavy rainning
there is strong wind
rough sea
I wanna have breakfast
time is flying
we are going to the airport
where is my passport
my flight is departing now
where are the bathrooms
did you pack your luggage.
can I see your bag
how many travel bags do you want to check in
I'm sorry but you can't enter with this stuff
I came to take my ticket
have a good trip
will this trip take long ?
we will come in 5 mintues
do you want a quick snack?
what's your chair number
do you want a spot next the window
do you have liquids with you
the trip is canceled
we are sorry for the delay
I'm hungry
I'm thirsty
can I come in
I'm sorry I have to go
I'm moving
give me the keys
what did I want to say?
go bring the medicine from the pharmacy
ramadan is close
are you fasting
we are going to pray tarawih prayer
today is hard
I will wake up for suhoor
what's the problem?
I have a stomachache
come to me
my glasses broke
give me the nail clipper
brush your hair
brush your teeth
I want to wash my hands
he fell from a mountain
turn off the bedroom's light
close the bathroom's door
I can't see well
give me the water bottle
we ran out of gas
he's hiding from him
there's a storm in casablanca
he's not patient
the tree fell on the car
I will go to the insurance company
I need reimbursement for this
is there a bakery nearby
turn off the gas since you're there
clear the table
water is not available
put down the phone
take off your shoes
time is up
hide this until tomorrow morning
give food to the cat
the dog bit me
let's go fishing
she's eating camel meat
let's go out
let's go play football in the field
you're good at football
he fell down the stairs
I went to the grocery store yesterday
ride the horse
I have to do my homework
I'm going to school tomorrow
I'm taking the bus
what's the price
I'm watching the game
what are you doing ?
the field is crowded with fans
do you have a ticket?
they scored
do you speak english
what's this
there's a race
Morocco is a beautiful country
The weather report has begun
it's near a coffee shop
poor guy is sick
they're cutting down the trees
we are going to the forest
what a nice day put on you're hat it's hot
I'm taking the bus
take water with you
here's where corn grows
the souk is crowded I rode a horse
here they do a lot of activities
is there a hotel nearby
where is the bus station
are you going to work
this garden is pretty
did you come back
who told you to come alone
you have to ask me first
I don't like bad behaviour
you should only rely on yourself
I think I'm going to sleep
we are just gonne do only one exercice for them
but we are not the same
I'm gonna send you an offer
ask him for me
we are gonna fill everything and call you back
can you check for me please
just pass it to me!
we are gonna come up with a plan
find a bike for us
"if you tell him he's gonna ask you to go too, he's been asking me for so long"
how can you wake up easily
yes I'm going to wake up
no problem I'm going to wake up and go for a run
for another time
is it 9 PM or AM
you know the drill
I'll call you tomorrow morning
today I came exausted from work
good night handsome
where are you nature
we are in Mostapha's
when are you coming
right now! don't worry bro
there is nothing to do I wanna train
where are you? I'm coming out
I'm comming to your house
whata did they say my friend?
yesterday I was busy all day long
I lost my house keys
I didn't come back until 1AM
I'm gonna have breakfast now
I'm going to pack up and come fast
wait i'm going to  change up soon
so you can drive me
I'm comming soon I'm going to pack my bag
are you home
I'm going to work
I swear I was busy
I'm going to make up some time
humans are not perfect
no problem if you want to go to sleep
we are just now having summer fun
thank god everything is good
good for now
thanks for asking babe
I'm your wife
I'm your daughter
I'm your neighboor
I'm your lover
I'm your girlfriend
I'm your fiance
no I'm just home now
we are with her too
Everyone is a bad person this time.
enjoy the breakfast
we have a ceremony
I'm gonna welcome you
I did him a favour
talk until u get your tired and you're gonna shut up
the point is they are unfocused
everything has a law
just leave me alone and I'm going to be fine
look yourself my friend
my dad is always a man
the strike is only for 2 days
he's greedy
our Morocco is beautiful
just leave me alone
the phone is to expensive
give me a good price
reduce the price by 100 dh
I tried with it but it didn't work
go to the strore you might find it
the moment he saw her he lost it
just calm down now
I was having fun yesterday
how many did you drink
act like you don't understand
listen to this song
if I see you again I'm gonna beat u up
look where your walking
I'm ahead of you by 2 steps
how much did you pay for the driver's license
I was weak in 2017
he bought it with 40000
that's all I have to say
what is this you left here
leave one for me
I will send you one another time
I was shoock
this is how he does it
if I don't answer he keeps calling like this
do you want to do extra lessons with me
this guy is a good student
he keeps calling you a lot
this is unreal people call you for no reason
I don't know what is he doing
you gave him time
he took his time
no surprise he calls you
the point is I don't like this
I'm just an extra baggage
just forgive me
I just asked you
why did you block me
how come you don't know why
this is all I want to know
is there any news
I don't get it
just tell me why hd
my brother where are you
where were you yesterday
I was next to marjane
my father came back from the store
can you buy me my phone subscription
I'm really good now
I studied for 2 hours today
I will travel tomorrow
hey how are you cutie
how are you my love
how was your day
any news about you ?
how's your mom
she's fine
where did you disapear
I was waiting for you for a long time
I'm comming from work
I'm sorry I'm late
thanks for asking
I miss you too babe
I'm just passing time
time is tough
stay safe
I didn't find you
I like you
I love you
let's go there
how much did you buy the shoes
the world is messy
the earthquake day
the war begun again
just be a man
where can we meet cutie
you didn't miss me
just set up a appointment
kisses cutie
he was in the coffe shop
u didn't find lemons
I don't know what to tell you
stop whining
she wants it good
she met him in a restaurant
she's super hot to be honest
your long hair looks absolutely stunning!
I like it too
I'm sick
how
may god forgive us
wher's the man
why are you worried
are you gonna live in it
what are you going to achieve
let's meet in the mosque
let's meet at the bar
let's see each other near it if you want
remember to close that shit
why are you saying it's ugly
what did the guy tell him
just tell me how much does that shit cost
just let it be
it broke yesterday
did you go or not yet
did you travel
until the holidays if god wants
"where are you, you are late"
you don't want to come ?
anyway just go to him the butcher shop is open
I'm on my way now
but I have work
just let god decide our fate
they came to him from marrakech
what's difference between me and you
let it for yourself
say something nice
stop doing random stuff
tell them the truth
everything is good just like always
happy ramadan
keep stalking me
everything is there
people understand whatever they want
he's good my brother
there is war in the east
take him with you
tomorrow widad are playing
well then tomorrow 9AM it is
it's just you that's retarded
I found him in the bus station
tell people the truth
he looks strong
he uses protein powder
she's the whore
I'm wealthy cutie
skip it and leave it there
call her then block her
recharge it now
I'm working seriously
this is hard work
I want to tell you something
I want to get to know you
I love you
I can die for you
just see what you can do
dude is destroyed
come to mee and see
he sold everything
I don't think you can find him
the window is open
what's your clothing size
open the door now
I'm comming with the guests
tell me if he came to you
the dude was there
give me your phone number
come have lunch with me
did you cook breakfast
when are you going to work
are u free
do you have a degree
ok I'll do it quick
welcome
give the stuff
go straight then turn
call me in abit
give me a little bit brother
come to my work
give me the money
take the goods for me
go past the coffe shop then turn
I'm scared too
I want you're bother's phone number
I don't have it anymore
it's because he dropped his phone
I tought that you will be there
you have the newest version of his
it was hot yesterday
just with time
be strong
he's lost
be good like you
let's hope it's gonna be fine babe
where are you cutie I'm waiting
I don't feel like working
give me another chance
that person is good
then be careful so you don't loose him
go to him then come together
the day I told you what should be told
go and bring him with you
I'm serious
are you crazy
our house is full
that's good she's the cause
bring the peper to enter
take another page
I came to you today
there is new homework tomorrow
don't make a mistake with me
people are retarded in this country
I didn't ask about him and neither did he
how long are you staying
give me a ciguarette my brother
I'm tempted to smoke
it's just a cigarette wrapper
give me that shit
remember this
he's been in an accident
goodbye babe muah
you're a tough guy
the store has everything
it's there you forgot it
the key are near the door
it's a big door
this guy is a pervert
bring us a littre
how much is this
how much is this
it's good eitherway
pray to god
people are envious
people are resentful
people are skeptical
it's his business
he can understand it however he want I don't care
next month be there
leave him alone he's a problem
do you want me to keep going or just be quiet
I saw her sitting there
what shoe size do you wear
and how much do you owe him
the point is you're gonna find it
bee quiet if you're hurt
marriage is good my friend
kids are annoying
people just talk
take the phone away from him
tell him to study well
did he go the the unviversity
he's still in the country
work harder this year
next year will be better hopefully
that stuff has no point
I have professional training
I'm traveling
I don't understand
you missed the bus
this is a punishment
why did you leave me on seen when I asked you
you're always like this
we both went there and found nothing
did you that cursed dude
she went to turkey
he told me that he will register in the unviersity and American card draw tomorrow
I think we should go
we are insane
look at those two snakes
they don't get ashamed anymore
I went to marrakech
I'm sitting in the living room
I want to gather for her
just be patient with me
I miss you mom
I miss you dad
I miss you my wife
I want to do with you something
he passed by fast
the knife is in the kitchen
the fridge is still open
bring your car
he sold that territory
I want to be more dedicated
I bought a new tv
give me my cut
wow you are already there
I want to see if you want
when can I see you
you asked about her fast
may god forgive what he created
why are you afraid of him
he bought oil from him
the motrcycle's tires are broken
he took it with him in the car trunk
"come come I missed you, I want to see you"
are you married
are you divorced
are you crazy ?
are you married to him
leave a path to water to spill from
people are perverts there
that neighborhood is full of thieves
you make perfect tea cutie
I'm resting a bit
I'm just home
send me the code
I'm in the bank
did you take the money or not yet
because you disapeared on me honey
if that dude is there
he's a good student
she's graduated as a teacher
he graduated as a teacher
that doctor's daughter
enjoy this seat
I'm building a house my brother
I left the fan on
the class is closed
I bought the soda
I love you so much I swear
leave me alone
put on that movie it's good
that movie is good
I saw you sitting next to the school
I work in the laundry shop
he leaves in the morning
people missed me
he's very jealous
she's very jealous
she's cute and she loves you
make evey minute count
tell her I say hi
happy eid
check the bag you should find it
the lighter is not working
a big and nice living room
are you on a strike
tomorrow is holidays
just be happy
stay away from drugs
always do sports
I'm cheering for my team
it obvious that you're crazy
how much did you buy the phone
borrow me some money
I'm on the street
I called you and you didn't pick up
I kept waiting for you my love
wait will you put each one in his class
or just like you did last year
you were here last year you said
you take that class
and the other students can swap
what will you do this year
well then that's better
does that teacher know
yes she was going there
take me with you tomorrow morning
no no need you don't have the train
yes they came but not everyone
yes I sat there
haha I didn't find mine yet
If you find them let me know so they can come at 9:30
did all the students come
no just my home
you went out
no I'm home
it's not gonna repeat
just come back
I slept I stayed up late
I was in call that's why
say near the river
well thank you
I know what's up with you
I told you in case you want to apply
yes just stay the night there
did you cook dinner
I can't beat you and you can't neither
I didn't do it like that
I messed up everything
I don't use facebook I only see stuff in whatsapp
I'm going to uninstall facebook
that's great dude
I'm in casablanca too
tell the students to draw something and bring it
I'm gonna change that wallpaper
the white shirt
I see that you are looking at the class
when did you saw me
I have nothing too
if someone hears you he'll think you're handsome
no they didn't fill the gas bottle
where is the coordination
it's important from time to time
you got confused just by the letters
you've been missing
someday when you stay here ok then friday it is
I don't know to be honest
ok then tuesday
we are not gonna see each other
we come on friday ok
no you take the whole week
I remember too
ok ask for me please
I was sleeping what seen
seen means you saw the message
and you didn't answer
two ticks doesn't mean I'm on whatsapp
hey sorry I forgot to answer
I came the house
that's all I got
I told you the other day
if I didn't come to the mountain
if I come then it's fine
now who's leaving the other one on seen
this the real meaning of leaving someone on seen
people read your message and doesn't answer
yes that's fine and forgive us if we annoyed you
"and this is what you have done, you left me on seen"
you left it mister
people that finds a message and doesn't answer
because I have nothing to say
yes praise god
it's just you who left me on seen
"I wanted to tell you, you just didn't answer and I went away"
yes I turned off my phone
you don't know what can come around
we might need you
that's not good
what's do they want from you and today I was calling but no answer
turn it off or on
you're getting philosophical on me
well I'm speaking to you
and I'm telling you why did you turn it off
he told me it's just a phone cover
this is his number call him so you can know where he can give them to you
what if you were faster than him
and he didn't put them for him yet
it's not a cardboard
it's just a phone cover
yes I'm just doing random stuff
yes we are screwing up
how many students
this money is getting me dizzy
who still didn't give up heat
tell him it's with registration money
the director is telling me send them to him
people came to the country
this video is scary
if the students came
send them back I'm not working today
I can come out early
I have an appointment with the doctor
did you travel lately
yes sure what is it
this is a punishment or what
hey you are you traveling
anyways I don't understand this and I don't know how to do it
just write whatever you want
this is too much I don't feel like writing
this is a punishment
you told me no
until I go to the class
I'm on my way
that's the courses
that's what I told you
did you take it
I didn't take anything cutie
we didn't recieve anything from it
bring just health and peace
is that a flaw
I will do that stuff
are you making it
I might too
there is no problem
this stuff is making me angry
but I'm fixing it
just from work to home for now
I just proposed one that's it
I'm going to choose french
and you if you want
where is it exactly
is it near riad lamane
or before it
I swear it's true
yes straight
yes that's what's up
well what are you going to do
personally I don't have it
I jumped from my place
because my aunt is there
we are not in the center
but she hit
I swear it cheap in our store
I swear I'm bored
sorry I wasn't answering
I want to travel but I have so much in my head
yes not yet to be honest
no I swear I don't like it
it's because there will be girls that's why
I swear I'm not lying
we are going out now
it's getting hot
I'm coming now
I ask for mercy when it gets hot
I know he makes me laugh so hard to be honest
we didn't work in the extension
heey how are you didn't you prepare milk and dates to welcome me
haha no the the plan is obvious
I'm good what about you how's your life
it's just wasn't expecting that behaviour from you
no I swear it's not yours
the heat woke you up
prepare icecream not milk
that's true how much does it cost is it expensive
I hope you have a succesful future how are you doing
I told you after eid
I'll be working I won't be available today and tomorrow
heyy how are you is there any weddings or no one is inviting you
nothing was told to your father's friends
the point is you have to write the big parts
there is nothing
it's normal no porblem
yes until it's fixed
hope you have a succesful future
they didn't go out yet
yes until it's kneaded
I swear this is annoying do you know how many people are sending me messages and I didn't answer anyone haha
there is hardwork I swear
we are just hardworking for nothing
hardwork for nothing
I what do you want me to take out I don't have anything to take it out with
we had decency
well you didn't say it
that means a lot I'm still traveling
I didn't come back yet how is going
heyy how are you you disappeared on us
I'm in zagora now
you didn't travel this holidays
I swear we should just live it out
how is work
just drink some sugar
well this is it's time what can we do
nothing for now
how is work
yes I'll be there
when in the night
I don't think it's me
I swear I'm good
school started didn't it
yes she's sick if I have some money I go with a taxi
I'm fine
that's true it's just that I lost my phone
I'm good thanks for asking
I'm just here
we just killing time with this heat
I'm sorry I tought I answered you
if you signed then go for a swim in the beach
I swear I weight way more now
haha that's all I got
we are melting in this heat
we are melting may god help us
today is left
good stuff
no I'm invited now
my phone is blocked
I know right they get hot
I just wanted to tell you that we are still in the wedding ceremonies
yes I always stay up late
ok I'll check and let you know
did you see how I became
thank you I want to reduce I swear
I see a lot
I swear with this heat I don't eat anything I only drink liquids
yes if you told me I would've told you also no haha she was working today she didin't wake up until 2 pm
well then let's setup a setup a picnic near the river in the night
no it's not me
it's hot and people are getting married
they can stop just in october and above
I hope you have a good future
I'm not traveling yet
yes how much will work last
yes if I come there I'll ask for you
wow congrats for the half
no ouarzazate
"we are just passing  time, we wanted to travel and you went to tangier"
I will call you in the afternoon
look man I'm busy
did you that stuff
bring his the lock
I sent him a message
he wanted to come
welcome my friend
I will call you
where are you babe
well come to mine
bring two notebook with you
bring two kilos of potatos
tomatoes are expensive
bring me a tacos
when is his wedding
he told me next month
wait for me there
why are you running
there is an earthquake in morocco
when are you going to france
bring me something with you
how old are you
where do you live
what's you father's name
malak's name
what's your brother's name
you sister is pretty
I want to be part of your family
he found a beautiful girl
Blessings be upon you
Blessings be upon her
today's teacher is cute
yesterday the course was good
that was a fun game
bring me dates
I will stay the night here
whatever you want
send me money for my phone subscription
he traveled with his father
how big is your house
send me that money
I'm broke
I'm looking for a job
I went to casablanca
I traveled to meknes
I'm in taza
visit him in agadir
how are you my dear friend
why didn't you come yesterday
I was waiting for you
the important is that you make it
where were you that day
you didn't come to the coffe shop
there is a game tomorrow
we watch real madrid together okey
I was sleeping yesterday
you should've informed me
or you could've called
you came from tamgrout
how is life there
is there stuff to do
it's boring my brother
how is it fine
get on facebook
look she's comming
what do you have today
are you working or not
I was about to go to the gym
we go to the gym tomorrow
come ealy
you're lame my borhter
sorry I'm late
what did you do with that dude
I'm not going today
this night we go
is there music
how is it going with her
ehh whatever
there's no point
we made him a favor
and he stood us up
come take it don't worry about it
you don't have a problem
if you came for it now
no until saturday
you just should be there
I'm ready
greetings
good night
go to market and bring it
take the fish and coriander
I'm waiting for you
I was standing there for half an hour
did you enter the city
remember me very well
her father hit her
they found her in his house with him
he's in the countryside
I'm craving a tanjia
the best country ever is mine
the music is very good
make tea
take a water bottle
bring cheese and bread
boil water while you're there
I just finished a game
I'm going to hamam
I'm going to shower
she gave it to strangers
and she didn't give us
you're lost
go back and study well
where have you been my handsome brother
well good night until the morning
good bye my brother
from time to time
hey my love
how are you dear
thank you sooo much
I'm sorry I fell a sleep yesterday
I took your number so we can talk
but you're too busy for me
I'm busy now
nono take your time until you're free
good luck talented seamstress
I'll be waiting for you when you finish we should talk
ok thanks I swear I'm busy now
I just want to get to know you better
are you from this area
ok you don't wanna talk
you told me until you finish
how know's at that time
you were in profesional training school
I'm not there now
I'm sorry my phone card got block and now
I have nothing to do
how did I got blocked
I forgot the puk code
where is the problem fatima
my card is not working anymore
why is whatsapp working now
I'm only using wifi
I asked you yesterday and you didn't answer
is she talking berberian
but whatsapp is working
where is the problem
anyway how are you how's profession school
because I bought another one
pass the ball to me if you want
so we can speak from time to time
A student with strong critique skills
The teacher is the heart of reform
Why do countries of dignity exist?
We must search for dignity
Everyone desires singing and action
Girls wearing tkachat and action
Action is necessary
Healthy food is what stregthens bones
We must persist so we can stay alive
There is life for those who he who has no life
we are looking for freedom
The bird exists in the cage
I live free and I die free
enstragement is hard
To live in a land other than your homeland
People see you as a stranger to them
it's good to start far from them
They envy you even though you have nothing
She told you I beat her at night
She closed her mouth for her so she wouldn't speak
she gave her drugs in the glass.
She pushed her and fell down the stairs.
They formed a nice singing group.
she kept thinking throughout the whole night.
She couldn't decide whether to stay with her father or her siblings who raised her
He wanted to know about her decision
She went to the lawyer's house.
She wanted to be alone to think for herself.
"her siblings are confused ,they are waiting for tomorrow to arrive"
They can't live without her.
She will take her autistic brother with her to the house.
Her brother tried to commit suicide.
He told her that she needs to prepare herself
They will go to hold a meeting
He has a trial today
They will sentence him to life imprisonment
He won't enter prison because he gave a bribe
He got out of prison and someone killed him
No one knows who killed him.
He is a criminal and deserves to die.
his wife is thinking of taking revenge.
She wants to avenge her husband's killers
She will do everything to achieve what she wants.
The cop kidnapped the girl.
He wants to take her to see her sister.
Her sister is very sick.
She has a half paralysis.
She can no longer walk.
"Her whole life, she will remain bedridden."
he kidnapped from the house without anyone seeing.
He took her home to stay with her sister.
She told her father she wants all of them to stay by her side.
She doesn't want to lose anyone of them.
She needs money for her sister's surgery.
They can't do it because they are poor.
He will perform surgery on her sister.
"After the surgery, she will be able to walk."
He couldn't refuse her request.
He can't lose her after he met her.
His mother was jailed.
It was her who took the girl from her mother's house.
She entered the bathroom to wash her face.
A prisoner entered and tried to kill her.
his mother died in prison without anyone seeing.
Someone evil sent someone to kill her in prison.
He still doesn't know that his mother died.
"If he hears the news, he won't be able to bear it."
He sent his friend to look for a ring.
He wants to marry her.
The girl's father won't accept him.
"He is poor, she is rich."
He won't stomach his employee marrying his daughter.
He knows his mother can't handle it.
I will go shower at the neighbors house.
The water was cut off from the whole village.
I'm qshqmed to go shower at theier house.
Showering is so good at the morning.
Excessive showering causes hair to fall out.
I put thyme in my hair to prevent it from falling.
Why are you putting herbs on your head?
her aunt took the girl from those who raised her.
They cared for her as if they were family.
She didn't need for anything with them.
Marry and payback your mom.
raise that boy like your child.
Behave well you will have a reward .
you should go you will intimidate him.
Before you choose between money and marriage.
Look at the behaviour of this man.
He doesn't upset her.
"this is marriage, not kids play."
i got a chance to go abroad.
I have obligations in this land.
I took so many loans from the bank.
I want to make a shelter for homeless children.
Approximately I all my funds in it.
A mister came to engage me.
"I knew him, he's been living abroad since a longtime ago."
he told me that he will give me all the money I lost
Want to marry me? then talk to my mom.
He has a child from his first wife.
"That boy, I will raise him."
"She left, leaving him a boy at home."
He told me he would stay in the country.
He said I'll go submit the papers for you so they release them to you.
He's gonna go crazy on me.
"He told me, 'I will return the money to you.'"
"On the engagement day, I'll bring her the check."
She's making demands of me; I don't know what to do.
I'm confused about this subject.
Should I choose to go abroad or choose the mister?
The best experience I had was at the ISTA.
It's where I learned and understood.
your potential is the limit and you fight because you get paid.
"If you're not patient, you won't finish."
"My sister, we're suffering here."
"We study every day, today is Saturday and we have a school."
he brings you a job with low pay.
He's not studying it; he's the one complicating it.
She went last year to the grave to retell it to her.
They felt that she kidnapped the kid.
You should get a good mark at the baccalaureate.
"People got good marks at the baccalaureate, but they weren't accepted. "
you can't compare two things.
"We became like knives, too sharp. "
"If he wants her, he should go to her city. "
She wants to travel for the sake of any person.
"He came and ,she met him outside."
Marry the one who really loves you
He always seeks you into account and he's afraid of making you upset.
He's afraid something will discomfort you.
Marry marriage is good. You should just know who you're marrying.
Always have a strong character.
It's possible that someone takes something from her
"No, she wouldn't return your money."
They should know where she went
You should look at the cameras.
"They will look where she went, so they can revise everything"
They robbed the bank without rising any attention.
They went and put it on masks.
They threw tear gas in the bank.
when you know you lost it.
You wouldn't find a single reason that would let them steal
They have rich parents.
They provided for their kids everything.
A house is full of work
What would let them steal without fear
They are a gang.
Their friends is really skilled at the techniques.
He doesn't want to turn his mom in to the police.
He couldn't let her go
They were engaged by engineers.
They couldn't even last a month.
Camaraderie and patience are what counts.
Are you married?
Make a respectable family.
Starting tomorrow you will study from home.
If he wasn't not studying. Then it's not a problem.
He has a strong consciousness and has his way with words.
"A lot of people are literate, but they don't have a firm consciousness."
You were looking at him in a disrespectful way.
"Just stay away from him ,he's not good for you."
If you take him you should be convinced by him
Let's ask if the guy is respectable.
Literate or not is irrelevant.
Life doesn't stop at one person.
Get your life together and secure your future abroad.
We want to go outside.
Stop making noise. You are annoying us
Everything was done on our side.
We bring to her from our house.
My friend and I are in the neighboring halls
"When I remember her, I start spitting on myself."
"In any classroom I enter, I paint it and then  sit."
faintness is not the only thing overtaking me.
Who went to the msid when he was little?
The son of this was part of so many road accidents
They said he did beat a cat.
His mother suffered a lot raising him when he was a little kid.
This is not working anymore
Go to the website I told you about.
"If they are interested, they will answer you."
That's my husband's work. I asked him yesterday 
He said that it's possible that it would open and everything will stay inside.
Pass the exam. Are sign-ups still open.
"I signed up last year, nobody answered me "
Nursing and education. We wouldn't work at any of those
My mom has one like it.
The one I used to cookmsaman in
"As if it's a revelation of God. It made it stiff,I don't know , I don't like cooking msaman with electric appliances."
A lot of artists have from obesity.
They make videos while they eat.
They forgot he can't return people.
We shouldn't care about the opinion of other people.
It's normal that he would engage her going through her brother who raised her.
She did an operation on her legs
Everybody went to the hospital
The suspect is dangerous.
Everybody knew him from a long time ago.
He's a known criminal.
There is nothing between them
Every day there is an earthquake at this place
When will you go abroad?
I am traveling tomorrow.
I don't know anyone in this country.
I will start from nothing in this country.
"I will work and, I will make my future."
"he who wants something, Will achieve it"
Sometimes we give up. 
difficulties happen in our lives. 
We shouldn't give up no matter the problem. 
"We should continue in our lives, no matter how it is. "
Everyone is scared of this criminal. 
I came talk to you about our project
You laugh in my face and you talk about me behind my back 
How did you know it
Everything reaches me 
What will you do ?
Are you going to just keep looking at me? 
"Come on, move, do something. "
What am I going to do in this Mess ?
Everyone should do what they think is beneficial to them. 
Not logical. 
Is this your house ?
"This is my house, I bought it from my uncle "
"It's beautiful, I like it even though it's small. "
You didn't find any problem in papers. 
No everything went smoothly 
Then good you didn't suffer
I want to take my part of the heritage. 
"you will take it, just be a little patient "
"Serves you right, He is the one who gave you what you deserve "
Unlimited self confidence 
"We agree, beauty doesn't exist. "
"He is the big heart. Whatever you want, he will bring it to you. "
You don't speak at all. 
As if you're sitting with strangers. 
Are these really memories? 
All the news reached me 
get up let's go to the market. 
What would we do everything is  pricey? 
"I know, I don't have money to "
You just want to see if there is anything new. 
And have a change of scenery while we are at it. 
"Nah, I'm too tired. "
just let me stay at home. 
"Okay, whatever you want, sister "
Outtings have gotten to my head. 
What's gotten to my head are people? 
Shut up don't make me crazy with your nonsense 
Is there any breakfast? 
It tastes bad.
I already saw the the high tides of this city. 
I sent that video to my daughter
I eat and watch on my phone.
"Poor people, they stay the night in the streets."
They aren't allowed to stay at their homes. 
We suffered a lot on the road.
I don't like heat and distance.
Did the earthquake hit at your place?
"No, we are in a place far away from the epicenter "
Then it's not fated for you.
Patience is required until you're accustomed to the place.
"Even though you are in a far place, it is beautiful "
"There is a lot to see, the scenery around is beautiful. "
Where is this place 
"It's so cool, clean ,to be honest, it's better than old one that you had. "
"you should be a good person, so you could continue. "
This is just the beginning
There is still a lot of beautiful things.
In life nothing is perfect.
You should always think about yourself
You should always be an optimist person.
What's important is that you did your part
Everything will be fixed in due time
You should forget and know to continue
So you can keep on
It's possible that you get tired and fall
But you will get up
And know to be a new person.
There's a lot to do
And a lot of good things.
You should just know how to behave.
This occurring is not a problem
The problem is to not know how to get up after
Time will come you when you say that this is the end.
"After that, everything will be just a phase"
Problems will happen.
And this will be worldly life
He should be strong to know how to overtake
This is not just talk.
Everything could end in a moment.
As if nothing had ever been
"you will forget, you will get up and continue doing your job"
I don't know how to tell you that I love you. 
But I will try to deliver it to you. 
I will keep trying and trying until you know. 
What's in my heart 
Don't look for perfection.
Because he will never find it.
You should look for yourself.
Other than that there is nothing.
Don't be upset.
calm down and everything  will pass.
Talk isn't everything.
Talk isn't what will console you.
Today we will talk. 
It's possible to talk really well 
Hold your son away from me. 
I know what's happening 
You don't have to say nothing 
This is none of your business 
Learn to mind your own business. 
My life isn't a life 
"Just shut up, people like shouldn't be allowed to talk "
We became well off and we knew how to continue. 
You are one With whom talk does not go through 
It's a bad trait you have 
It shouldn't be like this. 
Cope harder 
I will come to you. 
Zin the mistake you made is that you didn't defend your rights. 
don't get out of there until you get a solution. 
"You, don't talk even if you showed her that are upset. "
You should have confronted her and told her that this is isn't a good work 
You will pressure her and she isn't capable of handling a scandal 
She will find you a solution. 
Don't cry and upset yourself 
"Defend your right, and she will redo the work for you"
And even if she didn't find a solution for you 
You would have evicted everything in your heart on her 
"It wouldn't be that she would take the money, and you will get out of there crying. "
I know neither you nor her. 
But your story seems more reasonable. 
If this happened to you with both of them 
Show us their work 
So we can believe you 
What a scandal? 
"come Hiba, I will redo it for you on my own tab. "
"if you talked there, not until you came."
"The mistake is yours, If you didn't like them, you should have told them there. "
And then you keep that mess in your hands. 
"At that moment, she either changes them for you, or she removes them "
They make a joke of people 
You didn't talk back at them for too long. 
"Oh no, this paint is no good at all. "
This is bullshit to be honest. 
"Visit them, so they can remove it for you. "
Or they make you another one that's well made. 
"They don't know their way around the thing, so why do they make it "
"Honestly, they are way too bad, but don't go back to them. "
It's clear that this is the job 
I took it from a certain girl. 
It's impossible how cool it is. 
I tried so many ways. 
"Nothing succeeds for me, I don't know why. "
"Now, do you regret a girl putting her picture? "
Nobody knows her anymore. 
"Sister, I have been thinking since a long time ago "
"I laugh alone, You reminded me of the past. "
"So, you're not counting the days that go by"
"I want to inform the lady that ordered three kilograms of cake, shame on you. "
You left me in a hurry. I made it for you and you let me down 
"Girls, tell me what I should do now "
There is this aunt of my mother in law. 
She doesn't mince her words when she talks to me. 
"Always and I am patient, I don't talk back to her "
"More importantly, one day we were out. "
Told me to visit her. 
I accompanied her 
I thought what's the harm If I went to see her. 
We entered 
I was preparing in a snack for them. 
She was sitting with her aunt. 
"She came and told her, 'You need to clean this house and mop it thoroughly; it's in a dreadful state."
With spent the evening talking. 
I and my mother in law came home. 
She told them that tomorrow we will call them to lunch. 
"And that's it, we called her alongside another sister of hers"
They came and ate lunch 
"She told them , that this is the one we visited. "
I should take care of that house. It's dirty 
Her sister told her that it's not dirty the tenants let it like that. 
And she said 'Whoever said it's dirty is the one who is dirty. '
"One day they spend the night at our house, and she was speaking to her aunts. "
wouldn't you come help us? 
Shame on you. What did she ever do to you? So you speak about her in this manner. 
"Now I am upset about her, and I will make a scandal out of her. "
I am enduring. I don't want to make a problem. 
I don't understand where was the problem. 
Is this product something sacred?  
Please understand me 
what do want? for him to go and beg? 
It's normal. We all work in wherever. 
"More importantly, nobody will gives us anything. "
Isn't his job halal ?
oh! you became famous 
Our homie is doing his job. 
How do you feel about this situation? 
"I thought it was the teacher that's crazy, like a lion. "
That's not your face. 
"It's not widady, but the work is only for men. "
He's taking care of himself with the product. 
People are laughing?? 
"For you, you won't be intimidated until they become thugs. "
They are laughing on him because he's putting on the widad's hat. 
There is no vice. This picture is from his own farm. 
"The man is fulfilling his purpose, and people are laughing at him, why?"
"Because he's with widad, he's working for himself. "
Bee's sister do you do deliveries
Normal. He got her in midst of other women. 
"It happens just bear with it, it's hard to find someone that will bring you what you saw. "
"Always catch the clothes, sister. "
Look for this delivery guy so you can return it in case you didn't like it. 
"What is a spice? And if the thread got dirty, can it be cleaned? "
You do like these
Imagine what's on my mind.
"It's ridiculous, such a waste of time. "
How old are you? 
Why 25. 
Nothing just asking. 
"If you were a meticulous, we would have been eating your handmade rfisa. "
Tell me about yourself. 
I don't know where to begin 
Began wherever you want. 
"I am a single daughter, pampered by her parents. "
What are you saying 
"I told you to bring me something to eat, you goof "
"No, no. You're starting to look crazy to me. "
What are you showing me dear friend?
"I want to eat sushi, please. "
No no it's bad It's not worth eating. 
Smile so we can take a selfie. 
Stay until lunch. 
I like people who mind their own business. 
Give me your number. 
"Excuse me, I don't have a phone. "
My daughter doesn't want to sleep. 
It's normal. She sleeps earlier in the daytime. 
I will give him a pacifier until he falls asleep.
The pacifier is not good for him. 
"Relax, I had enough hard work "
Me and hard work were born at the same time. 
You don't deserve the time I gave you. 
As if we wanted tourism and outings. 
"Our heads are getting hot, We want to rest. "
Nobody doesn't want to 
"If I sit for three days or more doing nothing, I feel bored. "
I need something to do 
The same thing happened to me. 
I engaged with talk with them at the public bath. 
I felt that they don't understand they just want the label of knowing everything. 
"holy shit, you finished me. "
I gave the taxi driver an earful. 
"Honestly, they didn't understand anything and we got tired explaining. "
So what? Do you pay for me and we go? 
Come look. This is the one went to and asked. 
"This one is next to you, someday we'll go to it. "
"Honestly, I was at the opening, Everybody went crazy"
I want to share with you little of what I am making 
"Share with us, we would keep noting ideas. "
So you do all of this ? 
I'll block your friend. She's trolling us. 
Hai! hai! hai! Our meticulous worker. 
"Sister, I need you in my life "
My! my poor husband is lost. I do only one closing.
Where are you? Share with the people what you are preparing . 
That broth with green beans and potatoes 
"When I do it, He comes with an earthquake. "
I never knew it was made this way. 
I need to plates like these. 
Girls I want to reduce my weight. 
What would you advise me to do ? 
Please is the sunscreen good?
Doesn't it leave that whiteness? 
"Tell me, doesn't it style the face? "
Does it stay in? 
can we reapply mayizena with mud ?
Ay Ay Ay! Elegant beauty 
Maybe she works next to me. 
Does it make pimples pop on the face 
"Please, how is it used?"
How much time till we can see your results? 
We would have been better if you put icing sugar on top of it. 
Did you have a party and no one came?
"This is near you, go and liven it up a little. "
We did the job for you amongst the boys. 
What place exactly 
If I had a car 
I will come now. My outfit is cleanly pressed. 
Sister are they still showing? I will come now. 
They asked for a hefty price sister. 
They have clean stuff and they stay until 3:00 AM. 
"There is a girl photographer, sister. "
"If you want it, it's good to be honest. "
Look for the girl something may have happened to her 
"What's wrong with him, he doesn't have a double of this  rope? "
"Sister, I live near you, and I want a job. "
"And why he wouldn't he go, is he on a strike? "
He is on a strike because of the problems he faces 
Promise me that it will be treated 
Sister when will will you put the second part? 
We read until we our eyes get tired. 
"And they didn't find the whole story, just drop it. "
They don't take resignation. 
Not ask yourself these questions to make you go nuts. 
We were not responsible for his behavior. 
son of a bitch became a mentally ill. 
"He wasn't raised well, it's his problem. "
"Isn't it that when you put your head on the pillow, you feel comfortable?"
You didn't hurt anyone?
That's it. I don't care what he thinks.
"It's the opposite, this is what he did with you "
Is bad it will make you hate him 
Forget and be strong. 
Live your life. 
Become better than you were 
The day he sees you. 
He will know that he were a lot better than him 
"You will do good to some people, but they will show you arrogance. "
He didn't have abundance when he grew up. 
It will feel bad that someone separated you. 
"But this one, it wouldn't feel bad at all. "
You are not the first nor the last you will meet 
Forget him and remember that Allah only does good things. 
Were you helping him a little?
Or did he take care of everything 
Divorce isn't the end of the world. 
"Sell at whatever price you want, These are your wares. "
Congratulation. When is the wedding ? 
An indiqn movie happened to you 
Wait is this real or did you just write it? 
I am afraid that I won't study. 
"Notes, Sir, this is not a plan. It's impossible. "
"Sister, if we speak about things with you, we'll never hear the end of it. "
Where did you get that flour in the oil? 
A spoonful of canned tomatoes. 
"Once in a while, Harira. "
She gobbled she back here and And oil saturated sfenj.
She turned a lot. 
I do have small unit of beet and tomatoes. 
"If the tomatoes were red and local, you wouldn't need anything. "
Do you mix with it or put it first? 
Beet in harira. Oh my god. 
"It's a good idea, I'll try it. "
They do it in a msamen stores and the likes of them. It's quite known 
"Each time I decorate it differently, The headlinesand it's magnificent "
"wallahi, you didn't lie. "
It's the only one that succeeded 
Give us the recipe of your basbousa we can make it 
"For the ingredients, your eyes are your scale  "
It's ready and it will make you proud 
How much will this cost me ?
You focus on the finest details. 
Your skin is sensitive. 
You shouldn't have taken the red one. 
How should I deal with him when I am living with my mother in law? 
The tab was clear from the beginning. 
I don't see the money. 
I see living with his mom first. 
Think well sister 
He intends on returning the dowry's money. 
We're married not dating. 
Each should put their own money. 
"smeart it with oil and from time to time mix it, turns out beautifully "
You should cut it into fine pieces. 
And turn it when it's cooking. 
Mix it until it's cooked. 
"The only potatoes available are from the refrigerator, they don't turn out quite well. "
I cut it somewhat large. 
I watch it again when it's cut.
I take away some of its strach. 
And in a deep pan I let the oil heat nicely. 
I throw it and I weaken the fire. As if it's boiling I move it away 
And let it cool And then fry it again. 
"So it's crunchy from the outside, but soft on the inside. "
Put salt vinegar and a large spoon of oil. 
I was doing Home Inwi Add 186 Dirhams . 
The naughtiness she has now doesn't have Inwi in it. 
He will call you now. 
This is how it is for this month. 
You could use a sim card. 
"Put it in the hand of God, whatever is fated for you, it is what it is. "
File a cancelation request. 
"it's still early, go slowly. "
"They will cancel it for you, I canceled it last year "
A long time has passed before they accepted my request. 
Can you reiterate your experience? 
Whoever has business to do 
So we can say that the correction money showed up on them 
Even though its forged is not a problem. 
For the girls who want to Cinderella shoes before they run out of stock 
Sister go to him directly and say it to him politely. 
This was contains nothing. 
I worked 8 years. 
I witnessed five presidents only one of them was a director. 
It's better to make a page in Instagram. 
I took it at 18 dirhams the day before yesterday 
I want to buy it and put it in the refrigerator. 
I don't know what it go bad. 
It's only at Ramadan There it becomes 50 dirhams. 
I don't know why I didn't fall upon the 8 dirhams one.  
When was it sold ? I put 20 dirhams on it.
"This one isn't beautiful, the beautiful one is the black one. "
"No, sister, just split it into two halves, remove the pit from it, and put it in the fridge."
I saw many of them bringing their kids.
A big salute to them
"So, that is the free woman. "
Is the boy living with his mom?
"Just be patient, you will find the one who deserves you"
"Wait until Tuesday, it will be the opening."
Take your turn so you can be the first one to take it 
Where is this store?
It's good even though it streched at the beginning
I say that he won't talk about punishments and tasks. 
Finalize everything. I liked that guy from the beginning. 
You have no shame 
Your face is tough 
"With this type, you will see hardship."
This is quite a peril. 
If only you hadn't bought it for a lot 
He brings you that stuff without you having to say it
Gives you money so you can manage and buy according to your taste.
He put it for you as an insult. 
You are escalating don't look up too much. 
They probably died on the way 
"I liked it, neatly done  mashallah."
You shopped some beautiful utensils. 
Blessed Friday. 
Who has Wi-Fi? 
The one I want to do again.
Did you know that I answered without seeing who asked?  
I laughed at myself.
When you said it I looked for it and saw it 
"What's wrong with him, poor thing hiding."
"When the mother-in-law was a mother-in-law , the bride was a bride, and a man was a man."
It has more iron than lentils.
How can you sleep?
I put them in soap then put them with the laundry.
You put something made out of  wool in the laundry. 
"Where did you get it, sister?"
What city?
Elegant colors perfectly aligned with each other.Good for you.  
"They are beautiful, sister. How much do they cost?"
"So, you see, God has pqid you."
And I will keep advising you daily
"Alas, you slipped, where were your eyes?"
Install a nice application.
I placed it for you so you can recognize it.
"If you do a scan, you will know whether to take it or not."
"Yes, you've started going out to the market."
You come shocked 
There is no money 
Inflation has left nothing cheap 
People necessarily have to buy to eat.
Onions and carrots are essentials.
"Even if it's expensive, they will buy it. "
Poor people will buy these things. 
We still didn't see anything.
Wait for Ayghia; it will come at the beginning of 2024.
We are looking for a wife for my cousin to no avail.
"If we live in a coastal city, then let's do without."
I took them and they didn't rust. 
"It's been years, and they are still with me."
They have rusted for me 
As an advice from me don't take them. 
I have granite ones that are not nice.
The bottles of the oil get their seal ruined.
"With time, they start to deteriorate."
"I had them for a long time , honestly I wash and dry them."
"This is a long story with parts, you didn't finish it  "
This one is prepared so you can treat wounds with it.
Your skin won't absorb it 
It contains antibiotics that are bad for the skin.
It should be in a city that's has low humidity. 
If the weather was dry 
The humidity will take from your face 
It will dry your face 
The doctor prescribed it for my mom because something sprouted on her nose It removed it. 
"If your face is oily, take some rosemary."
The hardest subjects in my life. 
"On God, I don't know this type of skin. "
I want to share with you the worst experience. 
I yearn for it in my life.
So you don't fall into the same problem.
I was looking for a villa with a pool for rent .
I saw one on Facebook.
"In the pictures, it looked big and clean."
"Apparently, some high-quality thing for 1700 dirhams."
I called the owner saying he wanted advance payment.
And you come to see it
"I picked up my children, my father, and my husband, and we went."
"When we arrived, girls,"
I was shocked; it was filthy.
The house was a mess.
The smell of cigarettes was suffocating.
We couldn't sit in it
And alcohol in the glasses.
You should have seen it before renting it.
I just finshed renting one
"Until I saw it, then I paid."
May allah fill preserve it.
She has everything clean and tidy.
"Whatever you're looking for, you'll find it with her."
"The pool here has one, and the guard cleans it at night."
We wake up in the morning and find it clean.
This one had heresy in it.
You should have screamed on him to get your money back.
Even if you had to stay in a hotel.
"Honestly, it doesn't look nice, it looks oily on the face."
"When I apply it, the sun has even more less effect on me"
I don't like it; it remains oily on the face
"wallahi, I pass every day,"
"I keep looking at myself in the mirror, laughing."
"I say wow, I never imagined myself like this"
I like myself a lot. 
Tears start accumulating in my eyes. 
"It was a disaster, nobody ever advised me. "
"Change comes from you, from within you."
I went on a diet and lost weight.
"I'm afraid that when Ramadan comes, I'll return to how I was."
I gained about 3 kilos.
It feels strange when I see someone losing weight.
It seems impossible to do like them.
I did a party for my brother and his wife 
"Girls, is this ointment good for pimples?"
A girl recommended it to me.
I'm afraid it might be bad for the face.
I don't know why they gave it that name.
It says one of the best cream sweets for me 
This one has a pineapple flavor.
I washed it with orange juice. 
The pimples are on scalp.
All of them have heads like some kind of flower.
I've had it since I was little.
"Recently, it started to grow."
I don't know if it can be removed? 
What should I do about it?
"Recently, I saw something similar to this situation."
What's wrong with the countryside? 
"How did you find it, sister"
I see that you underestimate the countryside. 
I really can't stand it.
"If my husband wants to annoy me, he tells me 'What's up love?'."
Why do we tell about anything bad? 
We refer to it as 'rural'
We're living off its goodness.
It's not elegant and doesn't match the accent.
We call it 'sawi9a'.
"Excuse me a lot, I don't want."
I told you my point of view. 
Don't forget yourself and wait for someone to thank you.
"You've fattened, give me the recipe"
 don't know who has the turn
Those who have seen you lived. 
I have news that will make you happy.
"Baroud, Bring me the situation."
I can't stand contradictory people. 
I made pancakes and msemen.
You will run after me.
Mokhtafi is a new series.
"4 girls, friends understanding each other."
She was sitting in a café.
"They asked me, and I answered."
It will not take even a day from my lifespan
I see on the television 
"I'm human, not an angel."
Everyone has their bad side hidden.
Buy me some cold weather socks.
Did you send someone to me?
Permanence of state is impossible 
What comes around goes around.
They weren't lying when they said you are untrustworthy.
"Today, I'm going to the field"
Barcelona is playing. 
Released a new song.
"This year, Allah provided us with an abundance of olives."
I sell locally made oil.
Students only studied today.
I exercise in the morning.
The law above everything.
The minister submitted a resignation.
There's no study.
Watch cartoons. 
This is an old car.
A joint application is difficult to be accepted.
Bring a copy of the baccalaureate certificate.
I want to complete my studies.
"First thing, apply for a free baccalaureate."
Don't sleep alone in a big house.
I pay for my son's education 
I lost to ring you gave me. 
Your intention is clear from your side.
hear the muezzin calling.
"Open the window, it's hot "
Search the big suitcase. 
Look for the latest news. 
I met with my father. 
He's full of tipping money. 
The lower floor is bad 
It's going to rain this week. 
The neighbor's daughter is pregnant with twins.
I don't get any free time. 
The day is long and the sun is still harsh. 
My nerves are on the edge. 
I went out and caught cold. 
I have a fever and chills.
I can't go to work 
clean this mess quickly.
Learn a language that benefits you.
I'm learning traditional sewing.
I've been angry for two months at our house.
She gave birth to 5boys and 2 girls.
Your behaviors are provocative. 
"An old, sick woman."
Working in the factory next to us.
Bought a large tarija today.
The novel I finished is better than this one.
I like detective novels.
Romance novels aren't good.
This is an educational cultural game.
I'm going to the wedding tomorrow.
The bride's mom invited us.
The bride came to our house to invite us
The bride didn't find us at home. 
The bride's mother was very happy.
She asked us if we were coming.
When are we going to the wedding?
The groom is the one who will pay for transportation.
We will go on foot until the village. 
Are we going to ride the truck?
We're going with people early in the morning.
We still don't know if the marriage contract is made.
"Her sisters will stay in the house, poor them."
They have a sick sister.
The groom will wear a white djellaba.
They will put lipstick on the bride.
They will do the henna for the girls on their hands.
They will do the henna for the bride.
They will cook only tajins at the wedding.
They will sing from our village to their village.
The women are the ones who will sing.
Men will play the tambourine.
A boy will play the flute.
They will sing Chalha music.
Their village is small.
We'll meet new people there.
I might go to my friend's place.
"The bride and groom will dance, we will take the bride to her home."
They will lessen the burden on their house.
Their wedding is traditional.
They won't do the Amaria
Will the bride do the Amaria?
"they are powerless, poor people"
The groom is the one who will organize the wedding.
The bride didn't have the wedding at their home.
Their house was destroyed in the earthquake.
They are living in a tent.
It's shameful to have the wedding in a tents
The groom will take the bride on a trip.
Are they going to have a honeymoon?
Where will they spend their honeymoon?
Is the groom bringing the dekaykiya?
We will make the gift for the bride.
What will we include in the gift?
We'll collect gifts from people.
The bride's mother invited the people.
Men haven't yet been invited
THey will serve men better than women again
They won't have dinner until a certain time.
They will make many tajin servings for dinner.
I still haven't found the Takchita that will look good on me.
I'm going to choose between a caftan and a Takchita.
I'm not going to wear a Djellaba to the wedding.
My friend told me your Djellabas are too tight.
She has a beautiful caftan.
I liked the caftan the bride wore.
What will the negafa do ?
She doesn't have the money to hire a negafa
the color of tap water has changed
Fear has taken hold of us.
We didn't know whether to run or to stop.
People still don't know whether to go to the wedding.
Fear is running in our veins.
All the neighbors are running.
My mental state is shattered.
"Look at my condition, I am hurt."
"Look at my state, I am wronged."
"Love is difficult, a complicated bond."
The bride ran away from the groom's house.
People continued to search for her.
""
he bride fell from the Amaria.
They said they will have the wedding in the hall
The hall is very far from us
I'll take a car if I go to the wedding.
They said there will be barbecue at the wedding.
Milk and dates are essential at the entrance.
They will do juice and night parties.
My friend is dancing above on the cushions.
I wish they would make fish bastilla.
I miss roasted chicken with thick rich broth.
the groom left no trace
They went to the notary's house to do the marriage contract.
It's necessary to sign by both on the contract.
A group of musicians entered the hall.
They will bring gossip into wedding.
They decorated the wedding car
The wedding will be held in the village.
They will slaughter the cow at the wedding.
The women are doing ululations.
the brought the cleric to the men
I'm going to start a new novel.
Which novel did you read today?
I've been reading a novel for a month.
Will you take care of this this scum for me ?
Everyone needs to finish up today.
I no longer have any patience towards shameless people.
The hero discovered who his real father is.
The engagement was called off.
He's no longer going to marry the engineer.
The engineer designed a beautiful house.
This house is the one I've always dreamed of.
I've wanted to have a house for so long.
The engineer made a beautiful plan for the house.
Who is this tailor you are using?
Go get the meat from the butcher.
He went to confront his real father.
He's been hiding the truth from him for so long.
He was abandoned when he was young.
Just found out the woman was pregnant and left her.
She raised the child on her own.
The wedding will be finished early in the morning.
Is the wedding really happening at night?
They had the wedding during the day.
People congratulated them on the wedding.
My sister had a son.
My brother's wife gave birth to a girl.
They wanted a boy to be born to them.
"After 7 days, they will hold the qqiqah"
They will slaughter a sheep for him on the 7th day.
They will invite people to the aqiqah.
They will hold the aqiqah in the hall.
My child is learning martial arts.
The neighbor's daughter is doing karate.
marry him in the near future.
My friend performed a belly dance.
They gave him a surprise at his wedding.
The engagement went well.
My friend invited me to her engagement.
my friend invited me to his engagement.
She did henna for the engagement.
underwead has become expensive.
I bought new underwear.
I liked the underwear in the market.
They set off fireworks at the wedding.
they launched fireworks into the sky.
These fireworks have a lot of colors
Kids hid the fireworks under the rocks.
Baked stuffed bread.
The bread came out flaky.
the light bult in the room was burned out
I had it hidden as backup
The eggs and potatoes were burned for dinner.
Looks like we're going to die of hunger today.
the cat fell on top of the table.
It's always lively here
Consume without getting wrecked
The same thing has happened to me many times.
The cleric locked his wife in the house.
The cleric entered the mosque with his shoes on.
The door got locked while they were inside
They said our neighbor is pregnant.
Her mother didn't want to get pregnant.
Children are the jewlery of life
Appearances are deceiving.
What appears is not always what's inside.
They spread carpets in the hall.
Everyone started dancing. 
People are disliking weddings.
Weddings are in the summer.
Cold is not suitable for wedding.
They will have the wedding during the next vacation.
Who ate the whole apple?
Enter this one.
This hand-held light is working well 
Hand-held light is essential in the mountains. 
His grandmother has Alzheimer's.
What is Alzheimer's?
Alzheimer's is forgetting.
It's sad to forget your children.
You won't remember your life partner. 
He went through a tough life
The bag of flour has exploded. 
She had a lot of guests over.
The boys are wearing suits.
The girls wore traditional berber dresses.
Her grandmother came from the countryside.
Negafa showcased some beautiful clothes
They married her off while she was still young.
She married at an old age. 
The groom is older than her father 
Where did she find this type?
Live with the situation and relax.
He shaved his face with the razor. 
She tells her about the bride. 
She was happy because people praised her.
Everyone is content and happy.
The groom's family honored the bride.
The groom's sisters just keep changing.
The groom's aunts brought their children.
Our neighbor had a deadly accident. 
I want to make a distinguished dish.
I will fast Ramadan.
"Fasting is good, it preserves health."
Did you fast yesterday?
Fasting has great reward.
Both girls and boys fast.
The mother is the one who takes care of her children.
She puts her own interests aside for her children's sake.
They had the engagement in a new house.
We need to congratulate her on the new house.
"If the light bulb bursts, it's a problem "
I treated myself to a shower and a massage.
Massages are expensive in the center.
The center I studied in is nice. 
I met with respectable girls.
His aunts gossip all the time.
The bride came wearing a salham.
Everyone has their eyes fixed on the bride and groom.
She stomped his leg.
Her words always align with his.
This problem needs a solution
They say what's happening is dangerous.
"Everyone is sleeping, I'm keeping watch over them."
My hand feels heavy; I feel nervous.
What happened recently didn't leave me able to concentrate.
What happened to you that you are saying this?
without hating him
without telling him what to do
without organizing his stuff
without importing this product
without building in this area
without getting more greedy
without being too critical
Don't get too worked up
without running away from it
without you starting to shout
without praising him
Without changing this place.
without showing favoritism towards your children
regardless of his opinion
don't make the path longer
without following his craziness
without giving him the colors
without getting lost
without reading that book
without going to canada
without cutting ties with your family
without lying
before the elections
without getting up from your seat
without repeating this task from the beginning
without spoiling them
without turning to the alternative
without hitting him
without changing this video
without getting together with him
without rushing your steps
without taking a picture with him
without congratulating him
without giving him your car
without trying it
without trying this place
without trying this game
without trying this dish
without trying this cake
without trying this restaurant
without trying this movie
without trying this store
without bringing this type of cheese
without giving it more value than it deserves
without trying to argue with him
without trying to get yourself out of this situation
without sitting with him
without starting to do it seriously
without asking my opinion
without looking for a better house
without having to call a better garage
without looking for a better job
You don't want to change the size of that t-shirt
You don't want to melt that chocolate in the milk
You don't want to follow your parent's advice thus you're a bad boy
You don't want to associate with someone bad
You don't want to be the head of the government
"You don't want to cry over this death, just do what you can"
Don't hide or ask God to forgive you
I don't want to access that site
Don't beat your child
You don't want to use the water that's left in the village
You don't want to buy enough food
You don't want to fish
I don't want to shop in this place
You don't want to race me
You don't want to honor your country
You don't want to bear this ordeal alone
You don't want to wait for a miracle
You don't want to pass those mountains because they are moving
You don't want to change your name one day?
Don't give up
Don't get yourself worked up
You don't want to distinguish between these two animals
You don't want to make peace with me
You don't want to get involved in this project
You don't want to coordinate this with me
You don't want to take a nap?
You don't want to piss anyone off
You don't want to cook dinner?
You don't want to fold those clothes
"You don't want to renew your trust in me, that's fine"
You don't want to give a useful phrase in this context
You don't want to limit the products that we can import
You don't want to fix this clock
"You don't want to deliver that message to me, do you?"
You don't want to focus on your reading alone
You don't want to make it easy for me
I don't want to book in that nice hotel
You don't want to host guests
You don't want to develop industry and agriculture in your country
I don't want to raise animals
You don't want to take yourself too seriously and have a little laugh
You don't want to supervise that project
You don't want to support that small project
You don't want to publish that book.
You don't want to finish what you have?
You don't want to punish me
Don't pop that balloon
You don't want to tell us about your secret weapons
You don't want to minimize that smile on your lips
You don't want to close that store that only you go to
You don't want to jump off that balcony to try
You don't want to agree with me on a fair price
without helping me
without getting his hands dirty
without bringing it to me
Without trying to come between us.
unnoticed
without cutting me off
without inviting me
Without turning on the air conditioning.
without heating the house
without admitting it
without ruining your relationship
without climbing this tree
without buying a new comb
without producing more olives
without separating them
without losing your money
Without paying.
without falling asleep early
without stopping the work
without a doubt
Without making a fuss.
without trying to succeed this year
without provoking
without giving him that kaftan
without interacting with him
without judging
without hugging
Without this opportunity.
Without following what you're saying
without being afraid of him
without killing the bug
without getting into work
without taking off that t-shirt
Without starting to cry.
without closing the door
without worrying about what he's doing
without my phone being hacked
without overthinking
Without getting too excited
without being too confident
without paying more than the price
without racing him
without taking this medicine
without changing the sheets
without crossing the line
without waking me up at night
without eating too much
without getting too ahead of yourself
Without leaving everything behind.
Don't be so hard on yourself
without cutting your hair
Without announcing your project now.
without making up with him
without coordinating with him
without folding the page
"You don't want to protect me, do you?"
You don't want to set a date and come on time
You don't want to delete all those bad messages between us
You don't want to import this car oil
You don't want to build a big house to live in with the whole family
"You don't want to criticize this law, do you?"
You don't want to let the people down
You don't want to steal those products
You don't want to praise me
You don't want to differentiate between me and my twin
You don't want to enclose that area full of crimes
You don't want to see me while I'm sick
You don't want to ruin your children's lives
You don't want to appreciate what you have
You don't want to go to your parents' house
"You don't want to boycott your own mother, it's a shame"
You don't want to bargain with him because he knows the skin
You don't want to argue with him because he's so stubborn
I don't want to have to repeat what happened yesterday at school
You don't want me to fry the fish at home because it smells
You don't want to watch that video because it takes too long
You don't want to get him fired because he's a good guy
You don't want to take a picture of a waterfall because your phone is waterproof
You don't want to try this game
You don't want to scare the little boy
You don't want to heal because you're always wallowing in your misery
You don't want to finish that game
You don't want to scratch that motorcycle
You don't want to buy a car that consumes too much fuel
You don't want to isolate yourself because it makes you feel lonely
You don't want to justify what you're doing because you're not doing anything wrong
You don't want to swim in the cold of March
You don't want to talk to us a little?
You don't want to ride that horse
You don't want to make something that's too complicated
You don't want to block your friend's number in case you get back together
Let me change my mind
Let me keep quiet
Let me fight him
I'll make a video
Without explaining to me anything
without getting my hands dirty
without changing from here
without starting to understand too much
It doesn't work.
without going to another country
without accompanying him
without funding this project
without correcting his mistakes
without going to the beach today
without getting too comfortable
without stealing his money
Without reading this book.
without giving a hand to others
without telling me what to do
Don't rush me.
Don't leave me alone.
without looking
without hesitation
without worrying
without dreaming too much
without being too greedy.
Without walking too much.
without hurrying
without buying a paint bucket
without claiming his rights
Without hearing a word from you.
without complaining
without trying to balance your life
Without asking me anything.
Don't throw me on the ground
without his consent
without you starting to get angry
without going to another city
without losing your reputation
without his consent
unreachable
without changing your personality
without you choosing for me
without complying with his orders
without getting used to it
without swaying
without rushing people
Without letting people alone.
Without cleaning the sky with a cloth.
Without turning to the right.
Without turning left.
Without turning back.
Without going further.
without being too strict
without harming anyone
without meeting me today
without adding insult to injury
without hiding from me
You don't want to explain how we do these new projects
You don't want to set a trap for him
"Don't call me bugs, you know I'm scared of them"
You don't want to argue with me because you know I'm right
"You don't want to get ahead of yourself, you're always failing"
You don't want to decorate that room because it's a complete mess
You don't want to use this holiday to play because it's still working
You don't want to inherit that house because it's all damp
You don't want to get involved in this because it's important for your job
You don't want to choke the dog with his collar
You don't want to defend me
You don't want to share your food
You don't want to teach me this job
You don't want to sneak around in case he sees you through the window
You don't want to mix chicken and fish in this recipe because it's bad
You don't want to attribute that to the Muslims because they don't do that
You don't want to treat that old man because there's no chance of him surviving
You don't want to tell me where that market is
"Don't throw stones at me, you could hurt me"
You don't want to listen to me
You don't want to tell the police what happened
You don't want to turn off your phone when we're on vacation to relax
You don't want to sit down and relax a bit?
You don't want to peel the fig because it's full of worms
When will you be able to use your hand?
When are you going to catch that paper I threw at you?
When will you understand me
when are you going to travel abroad?
When are you going to take your child to school?
When will you finance that project?
When are you going to pack your bags for the trip?
When will you correct those papers?
When will you do that again?
When are you going to invite me to your wedding?
When are you going to make an appointment with the doctor?
When are you going to hurry up?
When will you be able to tell the difference between the two of them?
When are you going to calm down?
When will you refuse that contract?
When will you fix that car so we can travel?
When are you going to do my job?
When will you finish that painting?
When are you going to clean that sink?
When are you going to calm down?
When are you going to protest?
When will you find a balance between all your responsibilities?
When will you ask me to work with you?
When will they put out the fire?
When will you help me?
When will they release the analysis?
When will you relax a bit from this punishment
Let me cry
Let me complain
Let me insist.
Let me explain.
Let me pee
Let me sleep
Let me wake up
Let me laugh
Let me have fun
Let me go out.
Let me take a break.
Let me live as I want.
Let me think about it
Let me take care of my own responsibilities
Let me pay.
Let me get ready.
Let me be responsible for myself
Let me live my life
Let me change seats with you
Let me go for a walk
Let me see the world.
Let me eat what I want.
Let me grow up as I want
Let me change what I want
Let me surrender
Let me reduce my consumption
I want to learn new languages.
I should learn about new cultures
Let me see the new people.
Let me build my future
Let me cook
I need to buy new clothes
I'll go see what I need
I need to renew my contract
Let me talk to you
Let me wear what I want.
Let me talk to who I want.
Let me go where I want.
I need to prepare my thesis.
Let me focus on my future
Let me solve my own problems
Let me go first
Let me book a table
Let me invite my friends
Let me raise the sheep
I'll go eat
Let me go to bed
Let me save some money
Let me think about it for a week
Let me go home
I'll be away for two days
Let me write a poem
Let me finish what I'm saying
Let me list my skills
I need to find a garage
I should change the city
Let me jump a little
Let me go to the living room
Let me negotiate with them
Let me ride with you
Let me set up a meeting for you.
Let me wipe your face
Let me fulfill my dreams
I should rent a place in Casablanca
Let me set the table
Let me go shopping
Let me sit with you
Let me review this movie
Let me turn on the TV
Let me start the party
Let me praise him
Let me park my car here
Let me pay.
Let me follow you
Let me think
Let me paint.
Let me take a risk.
Let me go.
When are you going to fight me?
When will you agree with your boss?
When will you contact me?
when will you take the bac?
When will you face your fears?
when will you show me
When are you going to clean that chocolate off your face?
When are you thinking of going to war?
when will you pick those red roses?
When are you going to have to admit that you're not going to lie?
When will you reveal that secret?
When will you make the banana smoothie?
When will you do your homework?
When are you meeting your family?
When will you ask him to pay you?
When are you going to employ some competent staff?
Until when are you going to keep this from me?
When will he hire me?
When will you help me?
When are you going to travel to the desert?
When will you take your children to pray
when will you measure that road
When will life be kind to him
When will you predict something?
When are you going to inspect the dog to see if he has any disease?
When will you export that dessert?
When will you invite me?
When will you admit that I'm better than you?
When will you climb that tree to pick you up?
When will you produce a result like this?
When are you going to wash that shirt you spilled dirt on?
When will you distribute that candy you have?
When are you going to pay off your credit?
When are you going to propose to her?
When will you be able to attend a special class?
When will you react to me as I expect?
When will you come up with a new idea?
When will you apply the law?
when will you be careful
When will you celebrate the memory of your father's death?
when will you penetrate that site to sabotage it
When will they double our money?
When will you merge that culture
when will the train hit the player
When will Saudi Arabia run out of oil?
When will you go fishing?
When are you going to do the shopping?
When will you race with that runner?
When will you represent your country in an international competition?
When will you exchange those items?
When are you going to get your Spanish visa?
When are you going to get your act together and save some money
When will you learn to distinguish between good and evil?
When will you announce the break?
When will we start the project we've been talking about?
When will I be able to coordinate a partnership between these two companies?
When are you going to give me a good job
When will you start cooking for the guests?
when will that meeting take place?
When will you learn a useful phrase in this language?
When will you get rid of this silly thing you have?
When are they going to give the kids directions
When will you focus on your priorities?
When will you make it easy for me?
When are you going to lower the price of that car you have?
When are you going to book that hotel for this week or next
When will you be receiving guests tonight?
When are you going to feed the animals?
When will you be able to supervise a company like yours?
When will you wake up and forget your dream?
When will you get some proper support from the government
when will that book be published?
When are you going to release the sequel to that movie?
When are they going to show the new players they bought?
When will you cut down on salt as the doctor said?
When are you going to close your shop?
When will I get out of this place
When will you protect your brother?
When will you stand up to our neighbors if they continue to make this noise
Come criticize me
Let's run together
"Come on, get to work!"
Come park your car here
Let's play
come with me
Come and paint with me
Let's have an adventure.
Let's study together
Let's disappear for a day
Let's lie to them
Let's race
Let's fight him
Let's agree
Let's check where we can travel
Let's go to the beach
let's watch
Let's gather the world
Let's take a picture
Let's celebrate.
Come visit me
"Come on, let's talk"
Let's try this cake
Let's go to the bathhouse
Let's go to our friends
Let's draw it
Let's finish what we started yesterday
Let's watch a movie
Let's write a story
Let's put some pictures on Instagram
"Come on, I'll hit you"
Let's decide what to eat
Let's defend
Come push my car
Let's rent together
Let's talk a little.
Let's invent something
let's make something
come close the door
Come open the door for me.
Come clean this mess
Come and tidy up this mess you've made.
Let me show you what to do
Let me ask you
I'll give you a treat
Let's discuss
Let me write it down for you.
Come write to me.
come help me
Let's make some noise
Let's share some chips.
"Come on, I'll drown you"
"Come on, give me a connection"
"Come on, sing for me"
Let's go inside
Let's make some noise
Let's live together
Let's laugh at them
"Come on, let's get him fixed"
Let's sort out the clothes
Let's stock up on this shelf
Come and join me in this place
come hold my hand
When will you come to the appointment?
When will you hate someone for having a white heart?
When are you going to adopt a child?
When will you criticize someone who deserves criticism?
When will you stop bothering us
Come and stand by me
You have to take responsibility
"Come on, listen carefully"
Come and get your prize
"Come on, no kidding"
Turn off the light
come peel this egg for me
When will you get away from this nonsense
When are you going to start something new in your life?
When will you praise me
When will you accept me?
When will you discipline your children and teach them to pray?
When will you paint that paper?
when will you appreciate me
When are you going to remove this ridiculous rule?
When will you stop hanging out with those friends of yours?
When will you buy new machines for the factory?
When will you teach me to bake that cake?
When will you take a picture with a famous player?
When are you going to get your stuff back from your friend?
When will you be back from that mountain?
When will you try something new?
When will he recover from this disease?
God knows
When will you master that skill?
When will you finish this task?
When are you going to buy the food for the dog?
when are you planning to have the wedding?
When are you going to call the police to save us?
when will you get on that bus?
Come and join me
"Come on, react to me"
Come up with something
"Come on, rule over them"
come hug me
"Come on, cheer up your friend"
Come sit next to me
come exercise with me
"Come on, tie the dog."
come after me
Come take off this plastic
come close the window
"Come on, I've succeeded"
Come write your name
Come turn off the TV
Come eat
Come shopping
come race your brother
Come buy him a biscuit
Come freeze the water
Come and change places with me
"come on, listen to me"
"Come on, throw the trash"
Come drink water
"Come on, I'm waiting for you"
"Come on, let's travel together"
when do you plan to start your project?
"Come on, did you coordinate with them?"
Let's take a selfie
"Come on, I'll buy you something"
Come cook your lunch
"Come on, pack your things"
come fold your clothes
Come help me
help your brother
help your friend
just go away from me I want nothing from you
